Brian zkLend  0:44  
Hello Hello Hello Hey Mark Can you hear me? Yeah Can hey can you hear me? Yep All right Claire perfect

Nurstar.eth  0:55  
Hi good afternoon let's wait for some minutes in order to love somebody and I mean the listeners come and then I'll be back in a couple of minutes

0x_MOONGIRL  1:17  
perfect perfect

Brian zkLend  1:18  
sounds good and we'll be standing by

Nurstar.eth  1:20  
okay thank you?

 So guys, I think I can start with the intro of the show and then I'm sure in the meanwhile some other people will show up. So let's start. So hey brothers and sisters from the start let's face it. This is Noah start speaking and welcome to this first episode of show me your fundamentals. show about the promotional and Mark Eating landscape in the stagnant ecosystem. Last week, we had presentation episode, episode zero, with Luis from Starclan. And we had a general overview about the stock market. environment, and they and in the promotional and marketing activities that are taking place in it. And today I'm having the guys from GK land, Brian and hammer. Hey guys, how's it going?

Brian zkLend  5:35  
Very good. How are you?

Nurstar.eth  5:38  
I'm great. Thanks. I'm very glad to have you here. How are you? I'm good. I'm good. Yeah. Today, we're really excited. It's a pleasure. In fact, I really wanted z k land to be the first project guest, let's say, because I'm really impressed by the community that you have built during these months. And I also very impressed by the educational contents that you have been created, creating so far. And, therefore Yeah, it's amazing to have you as the first guests. And well, if you agree, we can start with some questions. And I would like to, well, actually, I could also add for those who don't know, z k land yet, but I think most of the listeners do. Z k land is lending protocol that is building defi products, both for defy users and institutions, then obviously, Emma and Brian, we will have some more specifications about the project. But I would like to start with Brian. And I would like Brian to tell me a bit about your feelings during this year building of Darknets. Did you have fun? What is your general overview on the ecosystem? And on the tech? The tower? Is it?

Brian zkLend  7:10  
Sure, sure. Thank you for taking their star. Quick Intro I'm Brian, one of the co founders who project lead of CQ N and Basner sorry, I mentioned we are building a moneylending protocol on Start net. Very glad to building in a space. I'm very glad to join this AMA and be a Episode One guests after Louis and appreciate the kind words for from their start on, on the introduction. I think for us from from, from my experience, starting to engage and learn about the whole ecosystem, the technology, I think, I will start with the technology side, it's I would have three words to describe it. One, it's, it's fantastic. It really events and allows words, it's overwhelming. I think everyone would appreciate that. So knowledge proof, it's easy to understand other high level concepts. But when you get down to the nitty gritty and the actual programming to to enable the the proving the badging and also the validations. Behind it, it gets really complicated, really easy, really quickly. And so for a initial contact to come into the crypto space, and building on starting and building on a layer to zero up. To understand the logic behind it. It's actually a very steep learning curve, but a very reporting one, it's all and what I can say is that from how from when we begin building this project, and the beginning of this year till now, it's only been about nine months. And the space and technology has evolved rap so rapidly already. And we're already at starting at version 10 Version zero point 10. And I'm sure there will be a lot more enhancement and streamlining coming forward in the next couple of months. And we're all sticking your neck out and waiting for it to happen. As for the community, I think the initial sense I get from the community, it's very different from a lot of the other ecosystem or the blockchain that are building presumably because I think at the beginning of 2020 22 entities are a really big thing. And then a lot of projects are peer shield and then a lot of building on hype. But when I encounter a lot of the teams that are building on starting that as well as the start working themselves, the initial sense of it really technical, and everyone that's building it very passionate about the technology itself. And so when you have the builder of the network itself that are I'm very capable, very technical and the technology, it's really amazing. You tend to attract a very special group of talented developers and hackers. And it's quite interesting because on the first couple of calls when I have with other developers or other protocols building, they don't really tell stories about, for example, how this is going to get commercialised how the business model is going to run, it's all about the idea that a really cool thing that they really want to build. And that's pretty much it. And it's about the idea that this great novel innovation, it's only being able to build on starting that because of the technology because of the cost speed or other external factors. And being able to unlock this potential and building a startup, it's already very exciting to them. And with the idea, then they start to have a more attention to marketing attention to community, and later on, about how the business model is going to evolve later on. So in essence, it's kind of slightly reverse from the traditional sense where you have a business model or an idea all tangled up together. But I think that's the beauty of it, where a lot of really talented and very passionate people coming together and really want to build in this space. Because essentially, starting on day one, there's actually not a lot of tools, not a lot of infrastructure being built, and everyone coming on board is just rolling up their sleeves and building and just helping to push the ecosystem forward because they feel passionate, and they feel this is the right place to be. I will stop here first. I think I've spoken quite a bit. And I'm not sure if you have any further questions, but I would like to pass on stage back to you and Emma. Please, hammer.

0x_MOONGIRL  11:53  
Yeah, so yeah, I mean, I think just to kind of like build on, like what Brian said about kind of like the community side of things. Maybe what will be helpful is just like a quick introduction of kind of like what I do at CK land. So I'm Emma. Hi, everyone, it's nice to meet you. So I'm the CMO of Z hairline. So I do a lot of marketing and just kind of translating and onboarding a lot of people and getting people excited about why stop there. And y z came in is going to be the next Nita money market protocol. So I guess on the community side, what would be helpful is if we kind of just talked a little bit about, you know, like, some of the initiatives that we have done and we've actually done quite a range and I think that really adds to like the enthusiasm and the range of community members that we see in our Discord. So you know, we've had like OG roles and stupid competition various competitions, the halen quest send University starting at Hong Kong meetup test net Moon Landing feedback programme, and the mid autumn festival campaign that we did recently so that all of that site on our Discord so join that if you haven't already, and then also we have ours and and friends, as well as a bunch of kind of like real life stuff that we're really pushing to kind of push out busy halen name and brand. So we did start friends in Amsterdam shooting starts in Paris, and we co sponsored a start con with z k x that's UK X organised. And as well as like various hackathons and stuff, and kind of like to build on Brian's point like through these all these events, we really see like how enthusiastic the community is about not just kind of, you know, when token and vote just in it kind of just for, you know, the short term gains, but really for like the long term excitement and passion. And you know, if you hang out in our Discord, you can really see how different people like different things. And it's really great that we have all these different initiatives. So yeah, I think that's kind of just generally what it's like to build on the marketing side of CK land.

Nurstar.eth  13:52  
Thanks a lot of time. Yeah, I think we are all very happy about the fundamentals driven vibe, that is present in stagnates. In fact, I'm also very, very happy to be part of the, you know, the community of the whole community, in Starcraft, and I was attracted by the technical system for the fact that, yeah, people are, are very fundamental driven, and there are a lot of very talented builders in the space. And also people like me, who would like to focus more on the community building sites or on the marketing and promotional side, are also in here to talk about the fundamentals, and to create educational contents in order to educate the new users or potential users in order to accompany them at the beginning of their cryptoads journey, and have their stagnate journey, in order also not to scare them too much from the dangers that are present in in blockchains. Well, as we all know, and so I'm very proud to be to be part of the team together with you. And now I would like to go back to Hannah. And as she previously said, z k land and created a lot of initiatives. And I was very surprised by the amount of good initiatives and contents that has been created by by your team. In fact, like, I made, like a short list of the activity or activities that you actually already mentioned. But I would like to say again, about the only dusk contribution programme they are doing in order to attract developers right to help you out with some tasks in the calendar, then, yeah, I really like your gender friends format, where you interviewed a lot of people from, from different also scaling solutions, and from other ones as well, as far as I remember. So it was very nice to have this kind of exchange, you know, educational exchange with other people who are busy building in, in other environments, in other ecosystems. And, and then I also saw that you're very good at creating these initiatives, powered by the prop, no proof of attendance. That's very good. And also, yeah, the contents in Zen University is pretty enlightening. Pretty, pretty nice. And I would like to ask you, what are these initiatives about? I mean, what are the reasons and the goals? Why you are supporting these educational formats? And whether you are having like, challenges in producing them? I mean, are you you're having great fun with it. Tell me your experience with these, these marketing? Strategies?

0x_MOONGIRL  17:04  
Yeah. Yeah. So I guess I'll take your question in two parts, then I think the first part is kind of, like, why, why these initiatives. And the second part will kind of be like our experience, and any challenges that we have kind of creating them. So for the first part, I think, like community education, and awareness has always been quite important. Because, you know, I think the best users are going to be informed users. And especially, like, you know, especially with defy, you really want to onboard people who know what they're doing, but at the same time for it to be meaningful. You know, they are kind of, you know, like, non non custody, self custody is a big responsibility, and you kind of just want, like, informed users. So for example, Zen University, the main reason behind that was kind of just to get people to understand like the anatomy of borrow and lend risks when using defy and kind of, like, you know, like the history of define very broad brushstrokes to kind of give everyone like a base understanding what are the key topics and key ideas and themes that, you know, not just that they as users might be interested in thinking about, but also to kind of like translate the thought processes and concepts that we have when we started to build out Z Kamen as a money market protocol. So again, like, the purpose isn't really to go that deep, technically, you know, we're not like developers or coders, we're not going to like the deep technical documents. But really, it's just kind of allowing people to be competent users with protocol, because those are the people that, you know, we want to help serve, especially for our ultimate product. And then, you know, this kind of translates into our medium posts as well with Brian and Jane, when they write their things, for example, you know, things that are picking their brain, for example, reflections and recursion thoughts on East Amsterdam by will build a building dotnet, and how test net. And these are kind of things that we think that don't already exist, but you know, are key pieces of information that the community needs, for example, like, or how test net piece did quite well. And we really thought that, hey, there isn't something that already exists like this right now be provided for, say, like a average user explained, like, five kind of, like, tone. So that's kind of like the first reason like the community education. The second is really the process of learning itself. So the process of learning and active thinking is kind of just making sure that community feels like they are engaged and really feeling like, you know, they have a stake in the protocol. And they every single piece of feedback is going to be like read and you know, we hang out in discord a lot. So just keep leaving comments, we read them all. And this is, you know, regardless of whether you're from Day Zero Day 100 The ideas that you know, through participating, whether it's through, you know, listening to our animes or taking part in Zen University, or even just sometimes like peeping out our medium posts, the idea behind that is just to really get everyone invested in feel like you know, this is a space for them and kind of that's all Well ethos of defy as well. And the last point I think for you know why we do so many of these initiatives varying in different formats and forms is actually because, like, we're just experimenting with different kinds of media formats, figuring out what works, because what works for some person might not work for another person. So you might be a reader, or you might be a visual learner, or you might be creative. And the idea is just to kind of involve as many people as possible, and just create the kind of like inclusive space where everyone is informed. So you know, some people say that they've actually listened to the podcast, but the longer form ones, other people's really like saying University, and then other people really like sort of like our real life event, you know, when we do the Hong Kong meetup, or even just like CO sponsoring events, that's also really fun. And, you know, just getting to meet people and try new things. That's kind of why we're, you know, doing all this different type of content and different formats. So that's kind of like, the general format part. And then, in terms of the second part of your question, which was more about the, like, the challenges, it's actually a lot of it, I think, one of the biggest challenges and kind of building and designing these kinds of initiatives is more so like, I think a lot of it is quite manual. So you know, when we do the, like, rewards for design University, or just kind of like, doing the forms or like, creating feedback forms, a lot of it is just, you know, how do we make sure that like, like, a few bad actors don't ruin it for everyone. So, you know, what are the anti bot measures? How do we make sure that, you know, people don't give in like duplicates? You know, our some someone might say, they accidentally sent the wrong wallet address, so we need to amend that. I think that's like, one of the biggest challenges, I think that just

administrative side, but I'm really lucky, because, you know, we have a really great team. So it's actually been okay. And then I think it's just managing kind of, like community expectations, because everyone's online all the time. And it's just being able to, you know, react quickly and respond to community, you know, have community says, Hey, I don't make this or I noticed XYZ is always just being able to, like, have people in place to, like, kind of firefight and write those problems down and track them. And then, you know, find a way to make sure that it doesn't happen again in the future. So I think those two other main kind of challenges, but they're all really, really fun. And I really enjoy just kind of figuring things out with the community at the same time. So yeah,

Nurstar.eth  22:32  
very nice. Thanks, a lot of congrats on your community approach that I really liked it. So very nice. Right now, I would like to switch a bit towards the product suits or products side. And I would like to ask Brian to, like pitch me in, in an informal like, fun way. DK land as a product as a suit of products. And I simply would like to know why or defy user or an institution should consider using or dealing with d k land, although the competition?

Brian zkLend  23:09  
Sure, sure. Thanks for the questions. Great questions, by the way. I would say lending poor lending and borrowing protocol are fundamentally very basic and easy to understand the fine Lego that comes with different shapes and forms. And what I mean by that is, everyone basically do the same function, but they do have a little bit of twist in it in terms of whether they do a little more aggressively they do it with a bit of new enhancement, they do it with more risk management system. But ultimately, they are all ultimately trying to bring liquidity and the matching of liquidity and also the duration of it. So I think for us, we build a moneylending protocol started. Definitely leveraging on Start nets ability to scale transactions, making it much cheaper and much faster. But I think there are two things that we see as a kind of a bottleneck for a learning learning protocol to become mainstream in the crypto space, three space, one of which is capital efficiency, unlocking the calm and maximising capital efficiency. And the second one is mass market adoptions. And I would say for seeking land What is unique about us it's because we are building a protocol with to product approach at the very beginning. And that would include a defy users, which they can interact with a in a permissionless way through Artemis, and then there's an other permission approach of which is called Apollo and that that's cater for institutions, where they would interact with it through a KYC background check and AML check manner In the beauty of combining these two, it's because one, currently for a lot of learning protocols. Over collateralization, it's being used quite extensively. And it is necessary because you cannot have someone, you don't have the identity of somebody who can provide guarantee or provide any type of securities against your boring. So that's why you have to have some other form of collaterals to pledge against it. And you have to pledge more than you borrow in order to have room for liquidation to root for market shocks and things like that. But effectively, it's not very efficient in terms of how to use your capital. So in order to unlock that, we feel that going towards a semi or partially collateralized or uncollateralized approach, it's going to be needed down the road, current infrastructure is out there. But we start to see, for example, some NF T's are sold out NFT, or things like that, which might have the potential to provide some form of personal backing or guarantee or some form of reputations behind what you do with your wallet address. But more more to that, it's if we started to incorporate institutions into the equation, I think that's why it kind of makes sense, automatically, because institutions, when they get on to the defy space, a lot of them actually do need to go through the compliance check and the KYC. And for them, being able to be dogs and having all that provided, it's quite a normal business operations for them. And with that reputations or some form of legal recourse on the line, we start to be able to provide under collateralized lending and uncollateralized lending, and what institutions are able to get from the crypto space, it's abundant of liquidity, one freedom of pricing at their own will rather than having a bank price them, and also the tenant as to how they how much they take out how long they take it out. And the freedom of not having to go through the bank provide a notice, or two days notice prior to draw down or things like that, it's quite, it's instantaneous, they have control of their wallet, and they can do it anytime in the day without skipping a beat. So institutions see the the advantage of borrowing for the crypto space, and that's why you would start to see a lot of protocols where they tap into the institutional space, they're able to borrow, they're able to provide much higher interest rate, much higher deposit or, or much higher deposit rate, which translates to when I'm sorry, I correct myself, the institutions are able to provide a much higher financing boringly, which translates to higher deposit rate for the retail users once we are able to incorporate these two together. And I think what we have seen in 2022, is

your farming or artificial yield, it's not sustainable, and people are starting to get away from it. And just by using, for example, their own protocol native token to juice up the yield, it's not something that long term user would appreciate. So we started to see and we've started to notice that a lot of even retail users or institutional users, they are really looking into real yield, through yield. And in order to provide that we would have to bridge the two and being able to leverage on the institutional part to be able to to set up. And I think with that, this is where we stand. And I wouldn't say it's innovations or technology to turn up to the logical advantages that only us have. But I think what we set on and what we're building and the relationship we're building across the space, enable us to have a faster footing and a faster reaction time to be able to march into this space, as it as it goes on, especially with the regulatory framework being kind of shaken at the moment. And we start to see more regulations. But on the flip side, meaning more institutions are willing to come in and try it out. So I think that would be kind of the tone, I would set it as what is our unique positioning in the space. And but having said I think ultimately all lending and borrowing protocol, they are helping to bridge liquidity and increase liquidity in the whole ecosystem. And I think we're still very, very early in the stage of the whole web three and defy evolution. And I think everyone is just trying to grow the pie. And so when we say competitions or people that are splitting the fraction of the capital, I think we're looking at to tunnel vision or narrow, narrow mindset. I think the aim is really to try to solve these bottleneck together and then trying to enlarge the pie so that We will all become kind of the oh geez of the Divine Oh, geez of the lending and borrowing protocol space.

Nurstar.eth  30:08  
Nice. Thank you, Brian for such an enlightening and comprehensive answer. I would like to know from Emma for the last question, then we'll figure out whether we have some time for some questions by the public by the listeners. Right now, I would like to know from hammer without too much spoiling course, what kind of initiatives are you thinking? Are you thinking do you have in mind for the future, especially right now, they you know, in, especially in the q1 2023. As far as I remember, you also announced the fact that you're gonna ship the DK land main nets. As soon as the restate of their resets already there is that of the stark net starting and scaling solution will happen in order not to launch it on stack net house on Main net, like right now. And then you would have to launch it again and to transfer all the value from the Alpha main net to the research main it therefore, I would like to get confirmation about this. And regarding this, I would like to know, what is your kind of approach? How will you approach this kind of new phase in your development? And then maybe Ryan could have something up as well?

0x_MOONGIRL  31:33  
Yeah, so yeah, I mean, you're completely right about the Regenesis. Like, we decided that we are going to adapt to that and work around it. So you know, if you guys haven't already, check out our medium, we did write a piece on it. It's just kind of like updating about, you know, what our new cadence and roadmap might look like. In terms of the initiatives, we've got loads of cool stuff planned, maybe, you know, we could quickly just talk about the current initiatives that are kind of coming to a close right now. And then maybe you know, where we kind of see ourselves in the next like, three, three months or so coming up to Regenesis. So, in terms of the current initiatives that we have going send in friends ama will be closing sadly, so we had a lot of fun doing that, we actually got to many, many cool and interesting guests. So that will be closing. So right now, if we're on our we just finished our education series. And we have one more final series, and the theme will be revealed very soon. But I think it's like probably the biggest theme and like that will be our like series finale finale. So we're really excited to get that out. So stay tuned for that. And then the second would kind of be our community calls. So recently, we started monthly community calls to keep everyone updated on what we're doing kind of what we're thinking, any updates on the product, any updates in terms of the market and how we kind of shape and see it develop. So we're switching up the format for that to hopefully, you know, make it a bit more engaging and get more people involved. And then that's kind of the initiatives that we have going on now. So I guess the cadence will kind of be slowing down a little bit. But kind of moving forward at closer to q4 and early q1, we kind of expect a little bit more localization and specific groups. So right now we have great English speaking community on our Discord, I think we have about 20 to 22,000 of you guys. And we kind of want to like bring the start that vision and share it with other communities. So we're starting to see it kind of slowly begin now. So we recently had our Japanese ama with CUDA Sai, which was really, really good. And we're just overwhelmed with the amount of passion and the interest that the Japanese community had for stock net. And you know, even on Twitter, we're checking our DMS people are asking, Hey, you know, can I get a whitelist slots? That's really awesome. And then we are also looking at, you know, Vietnam, I know that this is not Vietnam presents. And then we also did a ama with our Chinese community. So you know, there's other communities that we have kind of in the pipeline that we want to expand to, and maybe just get more involved in those areas. And then the last thing is potentially more collaborations with other startup native protocols. So we're not going to say who or what yet, but that's definitely in the pipeline. And I think these kinds of collaborations can kind of be full as not just do fi but also maybe like NFT and games, just generally because of the amount of games and NFT space and stuff that is particularly strong. And you know, I think gains in NF T's are a really great way to onboard the community because most people love games, you know, games are quite intuitive, they're fun, and it's just it gets people easier just in the same way that NF T's brought a lot of people into crypto and deify really think that same way with like gains as well and NF T's and start net so We're hopefully looking to bring collaboration with one of our many more starting edge protocols. But that's all for the future. And I think that's generally it really. So those are kind of initiatives we see in the future. Do keep your eyes out, and we will always update you guys on Twitter and stuff. So yeah.

Nurstar.eth  35:19  
Amazing. Yeah. Thank you. I really look forward to the format that you'll come up with in the next month. Really excited about this. Brian, would you like to add something? Or maybe we can ask listeners, they have some question. And maybe you can answer tweet.

Brian zkLend  35:36  
Yeah, I think I think Moe just sums it up brilliantly. So why don't I save some time for the audience to ask question, and happy to take any questions and elaborate on that as we go.

Nurstar.eth  35:49  
All right. So guys, please make your questions if you have one. If yes, I'm sorry. I will ask me for permission to talk and I'll grant you that. Okay, let's see.

0x_MOONGIRL  36:19  
Please ask your questions we don't buy.

Nurstar.eth  36:42  
Okay, I think there are no questions. Therefore, I would like to thank Mr. Bryan for joining me today. And obviously, I would like to call the listeners who take some of your precious time to be with us today. So I'm really excited to see DK lands developments in the next month. And I'm sure we'll have other occasions to talk with together. Having said that, thanks a lot, Brian. Thanks for those hammer. Thanks a lot to all the listeners.

Brian zkLend  37:14  
Thank you. Thank you, everyone for tuning in. Really, really enjoy the space.

0x_MOONGIRL  37:20  
Thank you, everyone. Thank you for tuning in. I also really enjoyed the space.

Nurstar.eth  37:25  
There. Thanks, guys. See you next week for the next episode. I'll share me your fundamentals. Bye guys. Bye

Unknown Speaker  37:32  
bye


