Rohit | rgoyal.eth  1:50  
Hello. Hey, Shawn 

Sean  1:53  
Hey, Rohit. How's it going?

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  1:56  
It's going great man. How are you?

Sean  1:57  
Good? Yeah, I'm doing well doing well.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  2:01  
What's up? What's happening?

Sean  2:03  
I'm just busy. You know, like, I think I demoed what we were working on. Just like trying to iron things out so we can launch it publicly very soon. So just been quite busy.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  2:17  
Very cool. Very cool. And what do you mean by launch to public soon? Like, I thought you guys were like, Yeah,

Sean  2:24  
we're live. But I think we're only showing it to some of the people in the ecosystem, including yourself. And then we're just ironing out some of the features before we make an announcement, basically, but it is life and anyone can use it. Like you said. Gotta find out. Well, yeah. How about you, man? How's things going? Good. I saw

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  2:49  
I was just trying to clear my telegram messages today. And you know, it's a never ending. Yeah,

Sean  2:55  
yeah, I can definitely relate.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  2:57  
I I still have 741 messages to clear Oh, my

Sean  3:02  
God. Yeah, I feel like every day I wake up to new telegram messages. And I can imagine, just like keeps snowballing. Right?

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  3:11  
Yeah. And this is obviously from the, from the groups which are not on mute.

Sean  3:16  
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  3:20  
These are the ones I have to read.

Sean  3:23  
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. I also meet a lot of group messages, you know, like those big bigger groups so that I don't get overwhelmed. Yeah.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  3:33  
Yeah. And how's John?

Sean  3:37  
John is good.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  3:38  
What is he up to? 

Sean  3:38  
Yeah, he'salso very busy. He's in. He's in the states now. But yeah, he's been he's been doing well.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  3:45  
Oh, you are not in the States? 

Sean  3:47  
No, I'm in Canada. I'm in Canada.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  3:50  
So Claudia, you mentioned to me you are going to Canada? Yes. Yes. Yes. And then you were flying somewhere I think from Canada in December. Yeah.

Sean  3:59  
Yeah, I think that's why timing wise it might be tricky. Yeah, I think I think I don't know if it's public. But you mentioned that you may be hosting something right but yeah,

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  4:11  
yeah. Yeah. Cool. Nice. So unfortunately, I'm not going to like invite the chair I swap account somehow okay, but I'm happy to invite the aspect account if there is someone or you have another device Oh,

Sean  4:31  
yeah. So I don't think I have or let me see if I can join on my laptop

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  4:42  
Yeah, I left off you can join but I can't invite you.

Sean  4:45  
Yeah, I think that's fine right because I'm I will probably be speaking with this

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  4:51  
that's fine. That's fine. Yeah, okay. I just just giving you an option of you can join but I can't be like,

Sean  4:59  
Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, sorry, there's some code because Yeah, cuz I tried on my, on the aspect that

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  5:15  
I was playing on my laptop as well and I thought like, what did I do? Cool anyways, so without further delay, let's start. So I think thanks a lot for the listeners and I'm sure some some of the people will keep joining in. And let me just make a quick announcement in our Discord as well. Maybe you guys can we will do the same. Mean do myself. Yeah, this is the thing right. You have to keep. You have to put that announcement yourself.

Sean  6:23  
Yeah, exactly.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  6:37  
Cool. All right. So I think we are all set.

Sean  6:42  
Yep. Sounds good.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  6:45  
All right. So good to go. And thanks again, everyone for joining. Today, the format is going to be we're going to learn a little bit about Shawn. Journey Into crypto then like how how aspect came into existence? What aspect is what is it to what else? Shawn and his team has been building or contributing towards the stock net ecosystem? Why stock nerd? What do they think about NF t's on stock net and Metaverse and what do they mean by meta economy on stock net? And then probably like other stuff around that. So with that, Sean, thanks a lot for coming in. For sure. Why don't you quickly, maybe give a quick introduction? Like like 32nd introduction?

Sean  7:43  
Yeah, for sure. Yeah, thanks a lot for the invitation. I remember back in 2021, I think when I first saw that I saw kind of been announced I saw like Jed, I saw do Twitter spaces, I think I believe that time was was darker. So you know, very honoured to be here today to speak with everyone from the Jedi swap, and also aspect community. So just a brief background about myself. I started in the crypto space, I think in 2017, I was building a lot of tools around the fundamental blockchain layer. So I was trying to visualise, like the blockchain architecture through and command line interfaces. And then at that time, I was also introduced to NF Ts and thought they were very interesting. But I didn't really see the use cases yet until obviously, in 2021, when the ecosystem started growing really rapidly. So I think I started in 2017. But I really started working in this space in 2021, when I was working@blockchain.com, at the time, and I think the company was known to be more of a Bitcoin focused company. But since they're seeing the use cases and define NF T's, I was on a team to sort of explore how we can better support Aetherium in our wallet. And then that's when I discovered things like you know, different layer two side chains with polygon. Optimistic roll ups was Dalton ism. And also obviously, z k roll ups, right with Z, K sin can start that at the time. But then, for me, you know, my co founder and I, we've always been very interested in the LFC ecosystem, which basically saw the whole ecosystem grow since late 2020. And we thought, you know, it's very consumer friendly. It's very social. It's very community based. It's also very culturally relevant. So I think for us, we're very excited to build a NFT product on what we think will ultimately scale Ethereum in the long term and really, you know, have an opportunity to bring crypto and digital ownership and NF T's to mass consumers. So I think that's what we're very excited about.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  10:01  
Bernie cool. And I think that was an amazing introduction and amazing start. And so that just made me curious, like, can you share a bit more about the wallet you just mentioned? Like, what are you building? Exactly?

Sean  10:14  
Yeah, so blockchain.com has been around since like 2011. I think they may be one of the first crypto companies ever, right? Like even two, three years. Like before Coinbase. So, you know, at that time, I don't think Ethereum even existed, right. Vitalik was probably like 15 or 16th. At that time, so he was he wasn't like thinking about Ethereum yet. But you know, since they were so they're the world's most popular bitcoin wallet, right? Apparently, like 40% of Bitcoin transactions go through a blockchain.com wallet. And I think they were very, like the company itself is very focused on, you know, the fundamental value of crypto things like decentralisation, digital ownership, and that, and that's why they were very focused serving customers for Bitcoin. But I think obviously seeing things happening in the Etherium ecosystem, especially the use cases that emerged from the 2017, Ico boom, right? Like, I think the most obvious ones defy and nfts, they sort of realised that this could be a very big, you know, could be a very big, big factor that they didn't want to miss out on. Right, a very big opportunity. Because I think in 2017, it wasn't obvious whether, you know, smart contracts would actually be useful, right? People were launching all these tokens. But we didn't really know how we can bring utility tokens, right until defi happened. And then I think the company itself noticed that and they wanted to better support the Aetherium ecosystem inside their wallet, which was most primarily used for Bitcoin transactions. But then now slowly emerging, it supports you know, ERC 20s Ethereum, and they were looking at supporting layer twos as well. And that's sort of the team that I was on. And in terms of exploring some of the more you know, cutting edge and more nascent things happening in crypto and how we can better support that.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  12:16  
Very cool. So, I remember like blockchain surfing through blockchain.com, even for like, as an explorer, I used to use blockchain to call

Sean  12:27  
back in the days like,

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  12:29  
Yeah, I think I used to have a conversation from someone. I'm forgetting the name who who used to run blockchain.com Ventures as well. Oh, yes. And always had amazing conversation with that team. Yeah. So great. Like and what were you doing before? blockchain.com?

Sean  12:50  
Yeah, so before I was pretty much in college. Yeah. I think that was the I was in college, and then I was sort of exploring crypto while I was in college. I also, you know, I went to school in Canada. So the Ethereum Foundation also had a presence here. And you know, sometimes I hung out with some of the folks at a theorem foundation. I think an interesting story is in 2017, in the Ethereum Foundation, that's when I first got in. That's when I first saw crypto punks, I think in October or November of 2017. And then at the foundation, they were looking to build a marketplace only for crypto punks. Right. And then because at that time, there was only crypto punks. I think a couple of months later, crypto kitties got launched. But at that time, there was only crypto punks. And then they were sort of hiring a bunch of interns from the University of Waterloo, another university engineering focus University in Canada, and then they were just building a crypto punk only marketplace. And I believe at that time crypto pumps was like, basically free. Right? They were trading out like not nothing significant like it is today. So I think that was super interesting. Seeing seeing that. I mean, I think initially, I didn't pay too much attention because I didn't think aesthetically crypto punks looked amazing. But I think when the when the standardisation of NF T's happened, I think that's when I really saw the potential. Right I think, I think also the start standardisation of ERC. 20s also created the ICO boom. Right because there was standardisation people could launch their own tokens very easily. And then I think after crypto punks and crypto kitties, the standardisation of NF T's with ERC 721 and 155 really created the next boom for NF T's because people could just follow the standard and launch NF T's and have these marketplaces, bring all these NFT stuff all at the same standard together and allow people to trade openly and freely. So So yeah, that's the that's sort of What I was doing before blockchain.com

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  15:03  
So that makes a tonne of sense, right and that tells how pioneering crypto punks and crypto kitties were especially crypto kitties. I think it was even older than crypto punk if if I

Sean  15:16  
so I think wrong. I think crypto punks was earlier than crypto kitties. Yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah. Okay.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  15:21  
I didn't know that then I think then crypto kitties got popular because of that gas issues on Aetherium. Yes. That was the first project globally, which got mainstream attention.

Sean  15:31  
Yes. Yes. And I think because. Because, yeah. And I think it's because aesthetically, crypto kitties actually looked good. Right? Like if you gave someone if you show someone a crypto Punk in mid 2017, I don't think they would find it very appealing. But if when crypto kitties came out, it actually looks like it was drawn by an artist. Right? So I think that's when things like consumers pay more attention because there wasn't an eight bit, you know, something that looked like from the 80s or 90s. Yeah,

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  16:04  
that makes a tonne of sense. Yeah. So. Okay, great. So, like, you have been an OG in the space. You have been paying some attention to the whole NFT space since early 2017? Probably. So like, what happened when you were working@blockchain.com? Like, was there any learning? What when When did you go from there is is that when like you started expect? Or like what what was the?

Sean  16:34  
Yeah, yeah. So that's a really good question. So I was exploring, like layer twos, right for blockchain.com. And then I started reading photonics posts about the future of scaling Aetherium. And just from reading the post, actually, it's linked on the aspect homepage as well, if you scroll down, you'll see a quote from Vitalik. That links to sort of that blog post I was reading at that time. And it just sounds like the K roll ups will be the long term and scaling solution. Even more than optimistic roll ups or side chains. And I think it's because c k roll ups has the better trade offs. I mean, it still remains to be seen if that's true. But from a technical and theoretical point of view. I think that is the case, like obviously, when you settle from layer two to layer one. It's much faster, right, like optimistic rollouts. There's a one to two week dispute period. And then also, whenever you have more transactions, you get to batch more transactions and improve, right. So with more transactions, you actually have more scalability. And I think stock that has already talked about, you know, recursive scaling, right, which is, so they basically have a roadmap to scale blockchains, almost, like not infinitely, but at a very, very large scale that I haven't seen other projects really talk about. And I think Starkweather also has the technical talent and the right people to really pull this off. So I think that's when I really focused on z k roll ups in general. And I think when I was@blockchain.com, z k sync wasn't really an option, because I think they only did partnerships with bigger companies. They didn't have like a smart contract platform where anyone can deploy code to their blockchain. They weren't open at that time, I think in mid to late 2021. But Stark net was right. So as a person that was interested in C Karola. I think Stark net was the only option for me. And then when I got into the ecosystem, I realised it was so early, right? Like there was like five developers at that time. I remember like guilty of being being one of them experimenting with like, physics engines at that time on sarpnet. And I really noticed that there was a lack of tooling, right, like when I was@blockchain.com I was mostly a front end engineer. And I realised that you know, if you have a website, you need to talk to the network in some way. And you probably will do that through a library, right? Like an Aetherium. You have ethers Jas and work through Jas. So I started writing the initial implementation of Stark net Jas, that allowed any DAP on Stark net to talk to you start that, and then I think that's when Arjun started their efforts and start that as well. And then they saw the library that I was writing and they started contributing to it. And then it was a collaborative effort from there and obviously, you know, so So we

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  19:27  
like did you were you the first person who started working on starting ETS like Yeah, did you start started?

Sean  19:36  
Yes, yes, I started Yeah, I started

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  19:39  
okay. And after that, that was picked by RJ and and all everyone else, basically, who is building on stock.

Sean  19:46  
Yes, yes. Yeah. So

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  19:49  
that's, that's super cool. That's super super cool. And that tells like so. Like just being curious when when did you start working on staff net like when was the first time you started writing the first line of code around.

Sean  20:02  
So I think that was in October of 2021. October or Oh, no, September. Yeah, September was when I started. And then I started writing darknet Jas in October. So I was I was experimenting with Cairo in September. And then in October I wrote strugnell. Jas. Yeah. And then Arjun started working on it as well. Yeah. Sokhna. Jas actually, is under my, like, if you check my GitHub, it's under my personal repo. But I think I largely don't work on it as much now as I am focusing on you know, aspect and, and, and such.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  20:40  
Yeah, very good. So just just for the listeners, can you, like quickly share what is started? Yes. What does it do?

Sean  20:49  
Yeah, for sure. So I think start. Net Jas is the library that allows you to talk to the stark net blockchain in a JavaScript environment. Right. So if you have a website, you know, what websites are running JavaScript, and there needs to be a way to talk to the stark net blockchain. Right now everyone is talking to the to the same sequencer. It's called feeder gateway. And it's just a bunch of functions that allow you to call the network very easily. Before I think what people had to do is they had to write their own GET requests their own post requests if they wanted to talk to the network. But now there's a library that can just take the functions and call it directly with the library. So it's Yeah, so it's just a library that allows you to interface with this dark net blockchain.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  21:41  
And like, why did you start the start node js? Like, what was the inspiration behind that? Or the motivation?

Sean  21:48  
Yeah, for sure. So I wanted to build an app on Stark net, right? I was like, okay, Stark that is very scalable, what kind of experiences what kind of apps can I build on startup. And then when I started writing the code, I realised I couldn't talk to the network, right. And I had to write all the functions to talk to the network if I were to build a web app. And then I was like, Okay, there's no library, I can write this library so that other people can also use the same functions to talk to the network. Like for me, it was always a means to an end. Like, for me, I always wanted to build a product. But there was no tooling that allowed me to build a product. So I had to build tooling first, and then I could build product. So I think that was the net the motivation was out of necessity, rather than that's what I wanted to do. You know, I had to do, I had to build a library. So I built it. And then I started building the product once the library was at a state where I could build up build a product.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  22:45  
Very cool. Very cool. So like how I'm picking your journey is like you were experimenting with crypto early on in your college. Then you got a job in crypto and blockchain.com. Again, Bernie, one of the pioneering company in crypto, and then you felt like okay, this is where crypto is going ZTE roll ups are the future. And then in that you realise start net is taking the charge. And you started playing with that. And then you basically started building something on stock net for that you needed a way in which you could interact with stock net on the front end. As a result you started building working on on stock net, JF Yes, exactly. Yes. If you don't mind, like do you mind sharing? What were you working on? While you basically you started working on stock images? You mentioned you Oh, yeah.

Sean  23:41  
Yeah. So at that time, I was really experimenting around gaming, actually. So I was like, Can I build a game on stock that so I was looking at? I was looking at a lot of turn based games, right? Because I don't think we can have games like FPS as yet, right? Because I think Stark net still has a challenge around finality, but I think turn based games or a reasonable so that's what I was experimenting around. And then I think there was a person called forgot his or her name exactly. But he wrote an article, I think he was called Karang, Karan or something. And then he wrote an article about like, chess auto gamblers on started, and I thought that was pretty cool. So yeah, I was experimenting around turn based games, like things like chess, you know, maybe like a Pokemon battle simulator. That was something I was I was playing around with, but I thought that was really cool. Because I think, you know, going back to going back to my original motivation, like I really want I really liked building for consumers and I think gaming is and you know, things like NF T's are the epitome of that. So I that's what I was focusing on when I wanted to build on stack net.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  24:59  
Already cool. So Like more more, I'm digging around your story more topics, basically I am, I am figuring out like we can chat about. So like just just moving a little bit ahead in for four aspects. And then like maybe we can chat about other topics as well. Sure. So when did you come to the conclusion that you want to build aspect?

Sean  25:25  
Yeah. So I think when I realised how early the ecosystem was, right, like it was so early that I think we needed to build a lot of the primitives in the ecosystem first, before we can really have some of the more novel applications. Right. And I think the primitives, like you're working on a very important primitive, like an Amm. Right? And I think like NFT marketplaces are also very important primitives, right? Like things like tooling, as well. They'll JavaScript libraries, other Python libraries, Ross libraries, also, like explorers, I think are very important. Like those are all like the fundamental primitives that I think need to be built. And you can see it across all ecosystems, right? Like, if you look at Solana, for example. They also have NFT marketplaces, they also have ammc also have lending protocols. Right, they also have Oracle's. So those are all primitives that need to be built before people can really experiment on much more novel things, or else it just seems a little bit premature if those fundamentals are not available for for people to use.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  26:37  
So like what, like, for an example, like what made you decide like, this is like an NFT marketplace is what you want to build, like, maybe not a defy Lego or not a game? Because like you were already working on a game, like how did you come to that conclusion?

Sean  26:53  
Yeah, so I think like, for me, I've always been really interested in NFT. It's like my co founder, and I, we've been, you know, we've been we've been participating in the NFT ecosystem since late 2020, early 2021. So we sort of saw the whole growth. And we're also very excited about Spark net. And the scaling of Ethereum bring in a lot more opportunities and all more users and consumers. So I think that's sort of the merge of what we were interested in, right, like NF T's which was, which I mentioned was like consumer friendly social and cultural. And also scalability, right, something that blockchains have been, have been faced with since the existence of blockchains. So I think just combining those, and NFT marketplace just made sense.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  27:41  
Quite so And okay, so then you started working on aspect, and I assume like, as far as I didn't know, what was the name like before?

Sean  27:51  
Oh, yeah, it was. It was called Oasis, right? Because, yeah, we took inspiration from Ready Player One, right? Like the metaverse and Ready Player One, the movie by Steven Spielberg is also called Oasis. So that's where we took the inspiration from. But then once we launched, we realised there's a lot of Oasis's in the crypto ecosystem. And we've gotten messages from them that they don't like, they don't like that we're using the same name. So we decided to change.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  28:21  
Yeah, got it. Got it. So like, like, tell us a little bit about? Like, do you think it is any different compared to like NFPs, on Aetherium, or other layer ones? Both from a wider NFT perspective? And from an NFT? Marketplace? Perspective?

Sean  28:42  
Yeah, I think NF t's on start out, what we seen is the really, the legitimate builders and stock that they're really thinking about gaming on on stock, like NFT is constructed. And I think as a marketplace, we want to support that as well. You know, and I think that's why we've, we've made our API available very soon after launching our product, because we think like a lot of games will find our API's useful, right? Like a lot of games, they don't need to index dark net, they don't need to. Yeah, they don't need to index dark net, like everyone needs to index dark net if they want to make NF T's available inside their game. So we sort of wanted to focus on the infrastructure and tooling level, like sooner rather than later. So we can sort of support the gaming ecosystem that we see are having a merging on socket. I think I think specifically what we've seen is like, like displaying NF T's obviously are very important, but also things like trading, trading infrastructure, like people want to be able to trade inside their game, right? That's also very important to them. And also like finality is very important. Like whenever you're playing game, you want things to be fast. Right. And I think that's why people like working with us because we sort of have our indexer is extremely quick and picking up data and NFC from from the blockchain. So I think speed and financially is very important. Yeah, those are some of the things I can think of, at the top of my head.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  30:18  
So like, if you will, if someone if I asked you to compare yourself with something like open tea, so what will you see? Like? What are the differences between open sea and aspect?

Sean  30:34  
Yeah. So I think there is some unique challenges that are in stark net, that open sea you may not have to worry about. Like, I think one thing is finality, right? Like finality on strike that currently is very slow. So I think whenever someone runs a transaction on our platform, we run it in the background, or you can do other things, but then go back to it. Well, on open See, they don't care, right, because finality is much faster. So I think that's one. I think another thing is, from a technical point of view, because we're on there to roll up, we need to care about layer one and layer two as well, right? Because the layer two blockchain depends on layer one. So we need to consider a lot more things. That if you're only on Aetherium, you don't need to consider right. If you're only on a theorem, we only care about Aetherium. But we have to care about Aetherium. And also start net because both of them depend on each other. So I think those from a high level point of view, those are some of the challenges that I think we face, but a platform like open sea in may not be facing. Yeah.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  31:39  
So can you like explain more from a user's perspective? Why does that matter? Like, why does that L one, and like, how does it matter to a user? Yeah, having this L one and l two kind of construction.

Sean  31:54  
So I think from a user's point of view, it might not matter. But I think from a user's point of view, what matters is the scalability part, right? Like when you're buying a T on stock, now, that's going to be like half half a cent, or 1/10 of a cent. Whereas if you're on open sea, before in the bull market, it could be like 50 to $200. Right. So I think that's much better on Stark net. And also, I think, I think the challenge maybe for now is that finality is slow. So running transactions are slower. But I think because of the scalability as well, people could play a lot more interactive games on Stark net, that they were they were not able to on Ethereum, and with more interactive experiences, they would also need to be able to trade those assets that they are using in is in doubt those sorts of experiences, like games, for example. And they're able to do more actions, right? And, like, do more things in a more cheap way on startup that was not available on on a theorem. I think I hope that finality becomes much faster on on Stark net, then I think we will really notice the benefits of being on Stark net in general, like fast finality cheaper gas fees. And I think I think that will make new experiences that we haven't even seen before on Ethereum. So I think from a user's point of view, those are the bigger benefits.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  33:19  
Guys got it. So what I hear is, basically, there are probably three reasons of or three advantages on stock net, for an NFT marketplace or NFT. ecosystem. One costs, like it is much cheaper to meant to trade to transfer NFT. Second is finality, it is going to take much less time which is higher. So it is not exactly true today, but yes. In the roadmap, I think the next on the roadmap is parallelization of I think some of the things. And then the third thing which you mentioned, which sounds the most important is the utility part, like what can you really do with your NFT? Yes. And that's where I think the whole game really changes for stock net. So can you expand a little bit more on like, so you mentioned a couple of times like games have maybe like in game trading experiences or in game trading utilities or something like that. So is it something that doesn't happen on other blockchain today? Does it happen on any of the blockchain today? Like, is there something unique?

Sean  34:38  
So I think, right now from Okay, so in 2021, we did try to experiment with some of the API's from open sea. And I think when you're using open seas order book, it wasn't that obvious how to allow trading if you're building your own game, for example, And I think that's sort of the challenge. Because if you're sort of providing a trading experience as a marketplace, there's a lot of complexity on how you match the orders. Right? Like the games need to know, like, Okay, if I got a cotton order from aspect, how can I match that order? And then put it on chain? Right. So I think, when we tried it on OpenCL, it wasn't obvious how that can be done. And I think for us, if we want to do it, we would have to wrap it around in SDK, so that things can be so tricky, like implementing the trading part can be easier. So I don't I don't know if I saw in 2021 that a lot of people have their own marketplaces, powered by these, like API's, but I think I've seen them more recently. Like, I think I saw a board a marketplace sort of powered by wearable, for example, right. And marovo will write a SDK that allows people to train onboard wearables order book. So I think that's something we're also planning to have on the roadmap so that people can, people can have their own in app training experiences of NF T's without having to train on our platform.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  36:15  
Guided, so I just invited a fresh pizza as well. And like, present, I have spoken multiple times. We have been working together on couple of things. And he is just an amazing person. So I just thought like, it would be great to have another another voice on this podcast social. PISA will be playing a co host. This is like something I'm doing for the first time, although he will be playing as my co host hat is a

Unknown Speaker  36:44  
no. Thanks for the warm intro. I hope my mic is okay.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  36:49  
Yeah, it works fine.

Unknown Speaker  36:50  
Okay. Cool. Now, happy to be here. I might have met Shawn before I'm not sure. I remember someone talking to someone from Asus. Yeah, I didn't actually know.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  37:04  
Would have been in Amsterdam. Yeah. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  37:10  
Yeah, happy to be here.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  37:12  
Yeah. So is that do you have any any question you want to ask on share just right now?

Unknown Speaker  37:20  
Yeah, actually, one that what one thing I was thinking about was I do definitely like the all we see on stock net, there are actually a bunch of games, right? That's seems to be one of the very strong areas in stock net right now or industries. But it does seem that for example, a lot of games, what they might be, what they want to trade might not actually be NF Ts, right? If you think about in game resources, or traditionally, traditionally, even for something like Counter Strike skins or other things, you oftentimes don't have NF Ts, things that are unique, but oftentimes, something that you would probably package in ERC 20s. Is that something where you say, Okay, we'd rather focus more on games and try to, for people to trade everything that they can on games, or no, we're just focusing on nfts and ERC? 20s. That's a separate ballgame.

Sean  38:18  
Yeah, so I think that's a really good point, I think, in terms of those kinds of game items that you mentioned on, like, for example, Counter Strike, that would I think be 115. fives, right. So semi fungible tokens, so they're unique, but they can have multiple copies of the same asset. And I think that would sort of fit their use case, probably more. And we are also thinking about how we can support 115 Pipes better on our marketplace. But I don't think we're open to sharing what that looks like. But I think 4115 fives like an AMI model may make more sense, right, because they're semi fungible. So even though they are sort of unique, they have many copies of the same thing. So I think that's something that's an area that could be very interesting if that answer, yeah. Cool.

Unknown Speaker  39:12  
Yeah, no, no, interesting. Yeah. No, because yeah, either. Hmm. So even audiobooks. You know, it's just it's probably a different method, rather than NF Ts, which are oftentimes more auction style exactinside being done, done there. So yeah, interesting.

Sean  39:33  
Yeah. So I think we've already seen some of that. And Ethereum like, there's, there's like pseudo swap right? And FTX I believe, but they also do 720 ones, but I think Wall one five fives and AMS have much more synergies right, since they're not like each year C 721 is not completely unique. So I think that's that's a really interesting area for sure. And especially relevant for games.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  40:00  
Yeah, that makes a tonne of sense and like, again, just to summarise for listeners, like, there are primarily two kinds of NF t's the one kind of NFT is our lecture on the contract perspective, we call them ERC. 721. Where each single NFP is unique, there is no, another copy of the same kind of NFT. And the second kind of NF T's are where, like the same NFT can have multiple copies. Like imagine in a game, there is some special power. So multiple people can have that special power, like let's say, a special squad, so there can be 1000 special squad in a particular game. So those are our 1155 standard. For sure. So, Shawn, like on that? Like, have you faced any any difficulties? Or do you see that there is like, anything lacking from the tooling perspective? Or can you just share like a broad light from the perspective of like, the stark net ecosystem as a whole? Like, how does block times fees toolings or dabs like where all of that those spend today? And how does it impact aspect in any sense?

Sean  41:19  
Yeah, so I think tooling still needs to be better. But I think it's still obviously a work in progress, I think in stark net ecosystem as a whole. I think Cairo is obviously a much more challenging environment to develop in. And I think, yeah, I think Cairo in general, is it's much more challenging and less mature. But I think at the same time, you know, there are resources being built, like people writing educational material. And I do think like, even with the tools, for example, like the library's right, a lot of times, it's not that clear how it should be used. So I think documentation needs to be I think the challenge is not even documentation is like keeping up to pace with the updates of stock now, right? Like, when you write documentation, you need to keep up to date all the time as document is changing. So I think documentation is a challenge, because it's always changing and rapidly evolving. For the libraries, at least. And then I think even the read only notes, right? There is still a work in progress. Like every time, there's updates, all the nodes need to update. And a lot of times they don't work whenever there is an update. Right? So that's also challenging. I think the explorers, right, like right now, if you run a transaction, and you look at Voyager, you don't see it just says it can't be found. So maybe that can be improved. So I think as equals, and I think regarding fees, it would be nice to have more transparency around, like how the fees are calculated. Obviously now, I think it's more of a black box. So I think some transparency around fees will be good. But maybe maybe that will happen when starting to decentralise this. I think another challenge is like the Regenesis. Right? I think there's not as much clarity around that. At least for daps at this stage. Even for wallets right. I think while it's the user experience for wallets, sometimes they hit and miss. So there's that the wallets may need to be mainly to be more user friendly. But I think it's just more a result of the socket ecosystem being very early, right, like I think Alpha main net, basically, it was half a year was launched half a year ago. So I think things are still being improved every day. But I think for you know mass consumer adoption, there's still some ways to go before we can truly get there. And I think another challenge especially for defy I think is the cap on the stock net TVL I think there is still a cap on the TVL which could limit a lot of liquidity right because for defy liquidity is is very important. And if there's a cap on the TBL that's also very challenging, but I think maybe the cabinet will be be more flexible after the Regenesis. So I think those are all things that I think after I hope that after the Regenesis things will be more smooth on on those kinds of things, but at the same time, right. So I can't is an alpha and there's rapid updates every every every week. So I think that's also what is expected in a ecosystem that's rapidly evolving.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  44:41  
Yeah. And just to summarise, like what is read Genesis, so read Genesis is that event where stagnate will basically go back to zero you can think about it like all the data have started we'll get deleted somehow. And then or let's say, like started will shut down and then the new stock networks and will come and they will try to bring the data to the new version in some sense and like some some of the history will get deleted, accounts will probably might get deleted, like you might not have the same account address which you had before, in in this time some like there is a risk of losing funds as as well. And I think that risk is higher, even higher for NFT. Yeah, yeah.

Sean  45:34  
Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And I actually like, yeah, that was a really great summary. But I just think just to tweak it a little bit, I think they will probably run in parallel for some time, before one gets shut down and the new one sort of exist on its own, because I think there will be okay, I don't want to make too many assumptions here. But I would imagine they would run in parallel, and then migrate some of the assets to the new chain. And then the old chain, once it's fully migrated, the old chain will cease to exist. So I would imagine that will sort of how it will play out. But to be honest, nobody really knows what's going to happen.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  46:15  
Yeah. Is that did you have a question to ask them or something to share?

Unknown Speaker  46:21  
Yeah, sure. Shawn, you said something regarding to which I found resonated with me, which is, you know, Rohit and me we come from know the defi side. And therefore double what you said liquidity is a very important thing for us when it comes to a lot of products even working in the first place, right? Yeah. Like a certain amount of liquidity for certain lending, indexes etc, for that to even be available. If t space, I have the feeling there's a bit of a different network effect when it comes to artists coming onto a chain. You see it with I find that to be interesting. Polygon was so much more cheaper than a theorem, but still, people still didn't want to buy from the Oh, you had to be on the theorem. So there are some different effects going on. Which when it comes to where people want to go for the NF T's, you have some insight. What might be important for for the NFP space in contrast to the different space?

Sean  47:27  
Yeah, I think yeah, I think that's a really good point. I think there's sort of like two crowds right in the NFT space. There's like crypto natives, like people that have been been around for a long, longer time. And from what I've seen around crypto natives, they prefer Aetherium. Right? And I think it's because of a matter of trust. Right? Ethereum is much more decentralised than polygon, I believe. And that's why people feel safe. Launching a long term project on Ethereum. Right. But I think recently, we've also seen polygon. Like I just feel like polygon has a killer BD team, right? they've sort of been signing on all these like big consumer, traditional companies, like I think a few days ago, I saw them sign a partnership with Starbucks. So I think that's also very cool. Right. And a number of other big companies have been on Polygon as well. Something that comes to mind is like 100, thieves, right. One of the premier eSports company is also has also launched things on Polygon. But I think that's sort of a different crowd. Right? And those are sort of traditional companies that don't embody crypto values as much as as crypto natives. I think they're more open to launching tokens that are on chains that fundamentally are not as how do you say like, it's not as, like you're not as comfortable with write just because you don't embody the same same values for crypto native. So I think that's sort of what we're seeing. I think right now, I think obviously, for Stark net, right. It's completely centralised, on a single sequencer, and I think Starclan also realises the importance of decentralising, their sequencer and also verifiers. So I think that we'll see how it plays out. Right. But I think, right now for centralised chains, a big a big thing for them would be BD, right? Because they don't I think when you're when you're doing business development with traditional companies, decentralisation may not matter. Right? But for people that are crypto native, that have been around for a while, they really care about decentralisation and crypto values. And I think a lot of the projects you see on Ethereum are more crypto natives, right? If you look at the founders of for date, for example, or the founders of duel, right, they've been in the crypto space for a very long time. And they care about crypto values and that's why they feel comfortable building a company on a theorem rather than something that's less centralised or doesn't have long good as good long term prospects, because I think the centralization really, really matters on a long enough time scale. And as a company, that kind of timescale really matters, right for the longevity of your company.

Unknown Speaker  50:16  
Yeah, I do wonder, though, if, because you're completely right polygon has been killing it when it comes to signing on partners in that space. You think sort of, because even for the period, in quotation marks, you know, some of them might even stay on Aetherium. But those are not wealthy enough. There are a bunch of other alternatives to stop net as well. Right. Your secrets are between optimism etc. Do you think Stuxnet is doing enough? Business Development in that sense for the to, you know, for the people to come to Stockman? Yeah, yeah, that's what I

Sean  50:57  
think. Yeah. So I think it depends what you're prioritising. From my point of view. And this is purely my opinion, I think like, even if you do a lot of BD with traditional companies, right. And you make a partnership, I think they will, even though in the short term, I think they might launch something on your chain, right? Like, maybe they'll launch a NFT collection. But typically, traditional companies, they're also sort of experimenting, I'm not sure if they will be building in the ecosystem for a very long time. Whereas crypto natives, I think they are more, they're more committed to building in the ecosystem for the long term. Right. So I think, if you're looking, if you're looking at medium to long term scale, you probably want to attract more crypto natives, because they will continue to stay with you for a long period of time, whereas if you do BD with traditional companies, maybe they'll launch something. But after they launch something from what I've seen, they typically don't stay around, like even the companies that are launching things on Aetherium, traditional companies, they don't really continue with their effort, right? They don't care about community, they don't care about fostering what they've released right there, I find that they're literally leveraging their brand value, and sort of seeing how much their brand value is worth on Aetherium. And once they sort of get that information, they don't stick around and build for the long term. But I think crypto natives do, right. So it really depends on the time scale you're looking at, and sort of what kind of people you're trying to attract. And from what I've seen was stark, where they're definitely more long term oriented. But I think that might be to a benefit or to the detriment of them, right? Because you could argue that maybe in the short term, you want to sign on more big time partners, and then sort of get that mass consumer adoption, and then you can focus on, you know, medium to long term efforts. So that could also be true, right? Honestly, I don't, I don't really know. And I'm just, you know, trying to predict the future, that will, that will probably be completely different. But I think on a general level, that's sort of, that's sort of how I see it, I think,

Unknown Speaker  53:06  
ya know, interesting. And I definitely do agree when it comes to for long term success, who are the people on there that are either you know, buying NFT or producing, creating the projects. And that's where I'm usually I'm quite bearish on on on chain gaming, or in general, like blockchain gaming, but when I see the stuff that is being built at Matchbox style, and the people they know, for the first time, it's not about, okay, how can we, you know, selling the items and all these things, but it's fully on chain game. And people, they are so passionate about this topics, and actually, you know, working on actually very difficult topics as well, right, with a bunch of no hidden information, all of that stuff, a lot of proofs as well. And that's one of those things where I'm also you know, it doesn't need it. But, you know, Matchbox Tao has, what 7.5 million, I think was the rate. Yeah, that's great comparison to the other platforms, but I'm way more confident that they're going to build it's gonna be long term viable from the kinds of people that are there in our building.

Sean  54:16  
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think as long as they're willing to stick it out for the long term. I do think it's possible that they can build something very novel and interesting, that people are very excited about, right. Like, I don't think we would imagine, like in 2017, that we would see things like what's happening around defy and things with NFT. I remember back in 2017, we just saw everyone launching tokens. And that's sort of the limit of what we could see. Right? I never thought that there would be a huge defy ecosystem, like all these use cases started emerging. Right? And I really hope like, even with NF t's a lot of NF T's was launched in 2021. And I think in the next couple of years, it's just finding the utility right like as well he had mentioned Um, utility and use cases similar to, you know, how defi broad utility tokens. So I think that's going to be very interesting and very exciting. In the next couple of years, it's just finding more use cases more utility in the crypto space. And I think that's super, super interesting and very exciting.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  55:19  
And I think that's where stock net really shines, because I do not think there is any other blockchain where games are 100% on chain, which means like, the logic part, and as well as the assets part, which is dynamic. And that's probably like the unique in started. And as a result, like NFT is will play a much bigger role as a utility, like probably in games and some of the some of the stuff.

Sean  55:47  
Yeah, I think so as well. And I think if really there is to bring utility, we really need to decentralise, right, because I think it's a matter of, you know, trust as well. When things are decentralised. It's easier to trust, right? Because you're not just trusting one person. You're trusting everyone in the network, right, which is basically you're trusting the world, which seems like that's a that's fine to trust, right? You don't want to trust one single party that can do whatever they want with the rules. So I think under long term, decentralisation will really matter.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  56:21  
Yeah. So we have another person in the speaker list, Hale and Jim.

Unknown Speaker  56:28  
Hey, Rohit. Thanks very much for bumping me up. Shawn, I just wanted to kind of comment to your point

Unknown Speaker  56:36  
about us kind of talking about polygon you were talking about start wearing kind of and starting and long term thinking and comparison to short term thinking. And kind of, I sense that we're, we're in a part of the kind of you want to talk about crypto market cycles, which, which rewards long term thinking in a way that the bull market tends like not to. And so, I almost feel as though now, even though I probably agree that that stock wears, you know, long term thinking can work to its benefit? And, you know, to its detriment, were probably in a phase now, where both, you know, start where, and I've, you know, we mentioned about polygon, you know, I'm not there seem a little bit behind on their, on their kind of, you know, z k. Tech and development than perhaps thought were is, but maybe even polygon as well.

Unknown Speaker  57:24  
You know, it says anything slightly long term from that perspective, will they'll flourish in the next, you know, couple of years?

Sean  57:29  
Yeah, like, I think for polygon they have, they're working on a lot of different technologies, right. Like, if you look at the polygon stack, they have a side chain with like polygon PLS, right. They have optimistic roll ups, they have the key role apps. So I think they're working on a lot of things. And that's, I think, sort of, I'm not sure if it makes sense. But yeah, like you said, I think, I think in the short term, there'll be the efforts will be well, will make a lot of sense. But I think in the long term, it still remains to be seen, right, like, maybe because their BD efforts have accrued a lot of users, that sort of momentum carries them on when they do think of like, sort of the long term value of decentralising, right or like building are more long term scaling solutions. So that could also be possible. So, I think, yeah, I guess in summary, I don't really know what's going to happen in the future. But I think there's different ways to look at it.

Unknown Speaker  58:34  
Yeah, that's that's a very honest perspective. I think it's, it's much more marketable, to have a really clear line on what's going to happen. But realistically, none of none of us particularly have much of a clue what's going to happen. We're just kind of rolling with it and seeing, you know, building and seeing and seeing what happens, you know, yeah, for sure, for

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  58:53  
sure. So, on that knot, like, since we are coming to the closer, is there anything else shown which we might have missed? Talking about? And one thing I already have in mind is like you mentioned, Voyager, do you want to share like, what you had in behind the scenes?

Sean  59:19  
Yeah, sure. I can. I think I'll speak briefly about it. I just think, I mean, Voyager has been around for a year. And I think it has served its purpose for what it needed to be done. But I think right now, stock that is at a stage where I think people want more transparency around sort of the transactions are running, or like, let's say if I run a transaction on jello swap, and I check the status, it would be nice if I got some sort of feedback. And I think it would be better if there is a better, you know, block Explorer on sarpnet. And I think there's a lot of opportunities to be Word especially around like decoding transactions, making transactions much more human readable and understandable. Right? Like maybe if I do a swap and read, I swap and then I check the Explorer, I can see like, oh, you know, I swapped USDC for eath. Right, that those sorts of information can be communicated to the end user. And I think it can really benefit the Starrcade ecosystem. So I think I'll just end it. I think I'll just say, say that, yeah.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  1:00:30  
Cool. So is there anything else shown which we might have missed? Otherwise, we made just come to the end?

Sean  1:00:39  
Yeah. No, I think that I think we've covered a lot of ground. And I just want to reiterate, like, thank you so much for inviting me to speak here today. Like I'm Rohit I met you in Amsterdam. And I think, you know, you have a very strong background, you know, coming from yc. And I Yeah, and I really appreciate all you've done for the startup ecosystem. So thank you.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  1:01:03  
I'm sure like I haven't done even 50% of what you've been doing. Like even if you include just stop net Jas. But But still, I'll take it. I find I'm getting so busy lens and like, do you guys have anything before we close the space?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:26  
Is that do you hear me? No, not from my end I think was definitely fun hearing and looking forward to the project that was being talked about I think diversity is something that theory for example, is somewhat lacking sometimes or you see dominance from certain exploits as well as Excel excited to see what's what's going to come.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  1:01:52  
Absolutely lens em, do you have any any ending notes? Nope. By the way, where where are you joining from London? And what are you working on? Are you working on something?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:08  
I'm based in the UK. I'm not a dev not building for that perspective, actually are actually a medical doctor. And so but my my limit when it comes to blockchain is kind of researching and getting involved in you know, contributing more I can I was a community manager for a smaller one a little while ago, but now I've kind of getting into yeah, see key roll ups, etc, etc. So that's me.

Rohit | rgoyal.eth  1:02:40  
I mean, so thanks a lot, everyone. And Thanks, Shawn. Thanks bizarre thanks, Lindsay. For helping me co host or coming as a speaker as well as to not make it boring this time compared to like when I am the only one who is doing the post. And just a quick introduction, so we are building July swap, which is an mmm on top next, and July swap is 100% Done. And led by community that means there is not a single employee in July swaps. We as a community learn and build together. So if you're someone who just want to learn web three who just want to learn about stock market and build something together, just join July sub discord and we'll get to building together and learning together. So on that note, thanks again, everyone. Thanks, Shawn. Thanks, visa. Thanks. Bye everyone.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:34  
Do


