Astraly  3:23  
Hi, everyone thanks for the already joiners we're going to start in a couple of minutes the live so stay tuned guys

So, hi, Ron, thanks for joining this committee call number 15. We haven't done a community course in a couple of weeks, because we've been overloaded by a lot of work a lot of product improvements. And we wanted to make sure that, you know, we had that we have everything sorted out, and that we're ready to communicate on the new things that we've been adding to the, to the Australia project, and also to our vision as well, overall. So yeah, I think we can maybe kickstart the school by some ecosystem, by some ecosystem of dates, and then we'll go through talking a bit about the product. And we're really lucky because today we have will, joining us in the first time is going to interact in in one of these community goals, and He's our lead UX UI designer. He previously worked at Tom finance and other really exciting revenue projects, and I will let him introduce himself in wine. Then we'll talk a bit more about Ducote, about what we've done in terms of community in terms of partnerships, and it should be the following or Twitter this couple of weeks, you might have noticed, we did a couple of collaborations. So we just want to go back a bit on that. And let you know a bit more about what's been planned. And finally, we'll update you guys about the roadmap, we have a lot of cool things upcoming. That includes, of course, the main net launcher, we're gonna we're gonna basically update you on all of that. And to restore it, I think we can, I would love to let give the mic to Matthias aka zero, very simple to give you a bit more high. So it's so the idea would be to start with an ecosystem of data. If you want to have data about about that materials, then we can go ahead with the other points that I mentioned.

0xevolve  7:44  
Yeah, so about the ecosystem as a whole. I think that since the last community call, there has been a lot of things happening out there. But basically Stuxnet is getting more and more ready to be production ready. Zi K Rolla, with Kira 1.0 being announced yesterday, the state reserved that is still something every project has in mind. And that will happen. End of the year, beginning of next year. Yeah. And still, we see a lot of new people learning Cairo and just discovering the overall space. Yeah, I think that's, that's a lot of things happening. We've seen very interesting things such as modulus labs, coming up with their first with the first AI bot fully on chain, which is powered by smart net. So again, things that only happen with coconut and nowhere else. Like there's definitely no chance we can see that in any other ecosystem. Yeah, also starting at CC that is happening at the end of October, beginning of November in Lisboa. So that will be the second edition. And of course we be there you can except a few over on this one. So regarding this later in this committee call. Yeah, let me think of major announcements. I think today was the first table nature start has stablecoin being announced as well. Yeah, that's very exciting. I don't know if Nicholas Almighty we maybe have things to add on the ecosystem as a whole.

Astraly Analytics  9:33  
Maybe about K roll to 1.0. Sorry.

0xevolve  9:37  
Yeah, yeah, totally talked about that at first. K 1.0 is very exciting. I think it's going to bring a lot of new devs that are a bit afraid of standing of k right now. And that which, I mean, it takes like a week to really get up to speed with Cairo as it is right now. But with the new version that will come out will be So, so much easier. So that's very exciting. I can't wait to see more and more builders coming up onto the market

Astraly  10:15  
Yeah, definitely. And I want to add to that for my conversation with project that a lot. A lot of the projects in the ecosystem there right now battle testing their apps in test net, they're like, really, they're really excited to, for the for the main net lounge, I think most projects is going to be by the end of the year and beginning of of next year cannot forgive you. It's always difficult to have a precise approximation really depends on project but like, yeah, it's it's kind of the timeline. So we can expect with that happening, way more projects coming and building on Spark net. So that's, that's really exciting to witness from the from the tech in terms of like product updates, basically, to to switch to that one, we're currently working on greatly improving the product and user experience ahead of the launch, basically. So we've already added features. And you might have noticed, would like to auto burn for lottery tickets, because we noticed that some of you, some of you guys, the users for the past campaigns, we did we break and then prints, for example, they forgot to burn the lottery tickets, and they still really wanted to participate in the listing. So we're going to add other features, like the fact that you can be notified when there is like an event when you need to take action on the app or things like that, because obviously you don't you don't spend your day on the on the web that we built. So that's some of the things that we're working on. Other coming features also include, overall, improving the user experience for the token distribution process. So we're talking about do I know when for the urn, and for the drops in general. So making it more seamless? Having overall, yeah, simplifying the user experience, so that you so that you guys know where you where you need to click what you need to do. So yeah, we've got get a lot of really cool feedback from you, from the community from you guys. So thanks a lot for that keep providing feedback, it really helps. It really helps. And we always reward for the trade to help us build the product overall. So that's, that's awesome. We'll also be including on chain reputation badges on the on the product, and I think it would be good to, to mention that with it. It's something so the actual reputation badges are going to be a big element of the of the product that of the overall vision. And I would not do that. That would be great. If you could, my dad told me, I'll talk a little bit more about that that overall vision and that change that we're gonna include in in the product?

0xevolve  13:03  
Yeah, sure. So for now, most of you have just heard Australia as a fundraising platform, basically. But that's definitely not the vision we have, we have way broader vision. And this is to build on chain reputation primitives, and build products. So we're building both a protocol and a products on top of it. So that's the overall vision that will be more and more details coming out regarding this in the coming weeks. We'll try to, to have. So we're currently working on a more thorough documentation regarding this whole aspect of this whole protocol. Also, for developers, yeah, so many expect much more information to come out regarding this in the upcoming weeks, and months. But basically the first step towards this new towards this. overall vision is our trust less badges. So what are trust badges? So you, there is actually a good thread I've done on my profile regarding this, but the overall explanation is that these will be badges. So sellable tokens aka non transferable NF T's, that you can mens, if you have completed on chain activities. So let's say you've have had some eath before the DAO hack or you have interacted with ra n compound in 2020, or you've added like at least $1,000 of liquidity on the eath USD C pool on uniswap. Any, you can think of any other type of unchained activity, and you'll be able to create and many badges that certify this activity, so that the unchained action can have taking place on Aetherium. But not only, we're actually targeting optimism arbitrage and polygon, any other chains, by you the badges maintained on stack net itself. And all of that without relying on any third party, any centralised entity. All of this is done on chain and in a fully trustless way. So that is quite unique for the whole crypto space. If anyone here is familiar with Cisco, it's kind of familiar to this. But starting at native, and without any off chain infrastructure, these badges will be privacy prevail preserving in the future, that will be more that will getting be getting more and more complex. And, yeah, so that's, that's the first step. But not the not the only thing that we'll be working on. As we just say it's just a first step, we we aim to provide a proof of concept of this, in the near future, will actually quite dependent on the start of development itself, regarding this. But on the smart contract side and everything, everything is pretty much ready. So yeah, maybe let's try to speak a bit more about the what? What's the plan with these badges like what are they going to be used for?

Astraly Analytics  16:25  
Yeah, oh, thanks for this. So yeah, basically, when we were building the application yesterday, which is the token distribution platform that you've already tested, maybe we basically felt that all our infrastructure to help projects to target the right people can be used by other project in order to tackle different issues they have. So basically, we are building reputation infrastructure. And the basis of this infrastructure is the badges that you will be able to meet and create pretty soon on stock nets, test net first. So that's the first step. And those badges are pretty much the identifiers for your address. And just define your identity on chain. And so the next step after this is to be able to provide a score coming from this badges. Think about diligence core, but for composable. And you can bid whatever you want on top of this. So basically, we're building the primitives that will enable you and any project any user to build their own score coming from different badges. And that's pretty interesting, because you have all of use case coming from the score. So for instance, we can think about score for targeting the right users on chain. So you can also be score enabled to be in order to be able to rank your community, if you're an influencer, if you're a project to just evaluate everyone's involvement in the community for projects. We can also see a lot of use case in governance. That's pretty interesting, because we have snapshots, which is building on stock net. And right now we only have bureaucratic governance, which is basically the more token you have, the more power you get in in the votes. But we can think about better governance systems or weighted by your participation in a project weighted by your how, how you interact with others in the project. And so what we're building is kind of infrastructure in order to make web three social thing. So we're bringing this thing that we do a we enable applications just to evaluate and qualify the relationships between all their users. And yeah, one really big thing is that everything is on chain, so you can get access to smart contracts. You can do Access to voting, everything is on chain. So you don't need to rely on Oracle's or stuff like this. So yeah, that's pretty exciting. We're still at the very beginning. So building those badges we, which are clearly like the basis of everything. And we can definitely see a lot of interest from protocols about this stuff. So that's really interesting. I think we'll be able to publish documentation that what I'm talking about, maybe by the end of this week, but yeah, that will be very good for protocols that wants to integrate what we're building. And we tend to definitely happy to share this documentation. So I think by the end of this weekend, so yeah.

Astraly  21:08  
Absolutely, thanks something new for that. And yet one of the first like actual business use cases and product that's going to leverage that that new protocol we're building is is definitely our token distribution platform. So as surely as you as you know it as we've been communicating on it since the very beginning. And regarding that, we finally managed to get we're on the call. So hi Willis doing

Will | 0xDesigner  21:39  
Hello, everyone. How's it doing, man? Great. Thank you. My name is William, senior product designer. And Product Manager from Straley. Thank you for having me to talk to you a little bit for our product. First I created on chain and web three before I work at for Tom and a little bit for Spirit SWAT on phantom chain. I creator of NF TS two and I do 3d, NF Ts and great websites for for NF T's too. So I try to create everything that is possible on web three. So that's cool. About the web three and Straley, we are creating a lot of new products, massive products, and improving the system and UX and UI. Thank you for caring about the test. Net feedbacks, we are released in applying this feedbacks on our UX and UI, that's really great to have a lot of investors that cared about our product that's really, really massive about our landing page, we are creating a new landing page to to have more professional always polishing the design. So, you guys have a better use case to our product, we are creating the new so bound product to that you is based on token distribution. And the UX and UI is we will be massive and beautiful. As always we are trying to do we make some improvements on LaunchPad a lot of improvements actually. We revamping the section phase and we you guys will check it out on the next update, I think a few versions later. We are improving the booster quests, I think this was needed to improve too, because was some kind of difficult to get the done but he's getting good. And we are adding the profile badge section to I think that's going to be really massive for the user to have all this onboarding. So bounty tokens and somebody's reputation and profile badge on the same space. So, the user, the user, we will have his profile with a lot of good information about all the protocols and products that we that we are doing. And to I think that many people are enjoying this so about dockings that we are trying to do with 3d. We are we use it a lot of actually tools to create it is not only one but use figma was cinema 4d After Effects and major encoder, it's a lot of products but get the Sobel token and the NFT really well polish it. So i i I think he someone's starting to thrive. Nicholas?

Astraly  25:05  
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Thanks a lot. Well for that, so yeah, Will is really the talented designer behind all the nice visuals that you guys see. So not only the sub monitor can but like the whole the interface as well. So yeah, glad to have you on board. Well, that's always really cool.

Unknown Speaker  25:27  
Very much. Yeah. Precision we follow the the customers that we have and are really open to conversation. And I get, we will be more online on the chat too. We can talk more closely. Okay. Thank you very much.

Astraly  25:47  
Thanks a lot. Well, now we're going to talk a bit more about the, the, like the partnership and community project we've been running. So overall goal is to collaborate with the most ambitious project building on surf net, the way we do like Canada, the process to achieve that is that we review the team, we do like a due diligence, like a VC will do. Basically, we'd review the code there, they've written their vision and make sure it will bring value to the ecosystem. Over and over, we've already partnered with several projects that like, tick these different requirements, basically. So the first one is, was break. So brief, for those who don't know, it's an NFT crafting and composability system that's based on fundamental elements called break. So basically, you can just go ahead on their app and create your own NFT. We'd love to parts of of NF T's like lock components a bit like Lego, it's kind of like the Lego of web three, you could put it that way. And people can build games on top of bricks that build NFT collections like PFPs they build amazing stuff. So really, that's that's a really interesting project. And we've we've collaborated with them for the on their test net, another project we've collaborated with his influence, so influences like bigger. When we're really ambitious and pretty big project building, I'm not certain yet. So it's an open economy, space strategy MMO, in which player basically own all of their content. So you can in the game, colonise asteroids, build infrastructure sort of technologies may combat a lot of things, basically. And they have like a really advanced roadmap with the different releases and features that are liquid, like really exciting for the game. And we had them basically on no previous AMA, so you can just listen to replace your own learn more about influence and genre discourse and applies for brick, obviously. And we have Yeah, so that's some of the collaborations that we did. We have many more exciting projects that are coming up in the pipeline that we've either like the decided to work with are still trying to, to figure it out. And so yeah, stay tuned, it will be worth it. It'll be worth the way Definitely. And one other thing I wanted to add is that since Yeah, most projects on Sunday 20. Other on test net, we've decided to run for these campaigns, as you may have noticed, to distribute like cell bound and FTEs as a reward for the product for the participants in order to you know, to battle test our app and to create a fun experience that's also useful. And useful. I mean, the disabled FTEs that are given us reward at the end of the listings. If you're older of these of these entities, you need to adapt to them, because they will go into advantages later on for the main net launch of of this project. So yeah, stay tuned about that, too. And then that was pretty much it like for the overall collabs. Will we do more announcements soon, or like the end, we've already decided a couple of projects we're actually going to launch that are going to launch with us on Main net as well. So we'll keep the surprises for later on that one. Now, I would like to update you about our roadmap for the next steps in terms of like, product development and like the big milestone that we're rich. I would like to give the mic to to evolve in detail here for that one. Yeah, sure.

0xevolve  29:38  
So regarding the roadmap with Kira 1.0 coming out later this year, the Sega Genesis and mine, we decided to wait for at least carry 1.0 to come out as audits will become an irrelevant. So yeah, we just decided entry to wait for this to come out, which will all settle down and that should not have as much uncertainty that we would have right now. This is actually being discussed about the decision we have taken right now. Which is kind of a good thing as well let us release the badge issuance protocol. And yeah, just work on this and get the word out there about the whole reputation system that we're currently building. Yeah. And so I guess that's the premerger roadmap is to first issue the badge issuance protocol, then the reputation system with scores. And, and yeah, and then. And then we'll launch get all of that audited, rewritten in Cairo, 1.0. And the other way around, actually, and and then go to magnet. So it should be early next year, as most of the protocols do. Yeah, maybe maybe this decision can change at any time. But that's looks like the best thing to do both for us. And for most of the politicals. Out there have the opinion of the same of the same question. So it's pretty much where we add in what we've planned for the upcoming months. Maybe, Matthew, something's going on there.

Astraly Analytics  31:29  
Well, I don't think so. Really covered everything. So that's good.

0xevolve  31:38  
Yep. Oh, the main idea is to to release more and more information about the reputation protocol, as it's definitely something we care about. And we also want to see people actually building on top of it. We're actually going, one of the first thing we're going to do is work closely with snapshot X to enable reputation based governance. So that yeah, that's one of the very exciting stuff that is going to, to come in next few months.

Astraly  32:13  
Except for the data on that, guys, I think it's, it's pretty clear. Should we move on to the community questions? I have a couple of community of questions in our Discord already. If you want to ask questions, feel free to either ask to speak or, or just post it in the in the general chat of on our Discord triggered with a question. Did you guys have any more stuff to add?

Unknown Speaker  32:39  
Nope. All right.

Astraly  32:42  
Okay, awesome. So we have a first question from Fukuyama Seto was asking about the option lottery system is asking, does the term of ticket burning or purchasing affect the probability of winning?

0xevolve  32:59  
So, actually, so when you burn your tickets, you have a certain number of winning tickets. And then the pro who just depends on that, and on the number of quests you've completed, and in the future on your reputation. So the Pro is probability depends on a lot of factors. That's something that we're going to improve on the front end side, because right now, it's not really clear. What's your Trend probability based on all these factors, but we're going to make this clear on the interface industry.

Astraly  33:39  
Some, I'm checking if we have other questions.

0xevolve  33:58  
Think Yeah, no question. How's it going with the notification system, reminding Australia users about upcoming videos? Yeah. So that's a quite an important point is that we're working on this notification system. Actually, were wondering what was the best way to produce like, do we prefer to send emails we prefer to send more like complex types of notification like working? Maybe we've epns, which is like a native FM push notification system, or just have an insight notification system. So that's, that's why you haven't seen it yet is that we're wondering what's the best type of notification system as we don't want users to be in meetings, you put like, too much personal information, and so on. So we'll probably have at first an email based notification system with notification systems. Uh, on site. So we can. So that's, that's coming in the next few weeks I think

Astraly  35:23  
I think we're all set to someone typing in and shot but like, yeah, it's gonna be a question or. Okay, well can wait a couple of minutes and then we there's no question we can just close the session

Astraly Analytics  35:46  
Yeah, if I can just give you a little reminder about everything that was talked about in this in this community call. So first, yeah. Don't forget about stopping etc. In Lisburn is done. We say this in English, not sure. But in Portugal. So it will be end of October. If I'm not wrong, I think it's the end of October, early November. So if you're around, don't forget to come there. So always good to meet the community, the stoplight community. So don't forget about it. We'll be there, of course. And, yeah, this week, we have the full documentation about the infrastructure we are building around on chain reputation. So for the trustless badges built on top of, of storage proofs, and the reputation aggregation, but that we will come later, we first have the badges and after the reputation aggregator say that the communication will be this week, or if you have any question about how you can get involved. And if you want to get on top of it, we're happy to answer all those questions. So that will be at the end of the week. And yeah, that's pretty much everything. So next

0xevolve  37:39  
question regarding ZK X that has liquid governance system that they're putting in place. So actually, it would be quite different from this because their system is more similar to what the curve is doing. The fact that yeah, incentives are aligned. But these are still pretty Socratic governed governance systems, right? That you, you always need to stake a token or it's based on a token. So the more token you log, the longer you're lucky tokens, whatever, you have more voting power, but reputation. Truly reputation based governance system would not even need you to actually have a token, it would just require you to have a perform certain types of on chain actions in the past. And yeah, so that's, that's more powerful. I'd say it's more it's more general than what the case is doing over what is the case doing is really good for defy systems. I think it has proven to be quite efficient in the past.

Astraly Analytics  39:00  
Okay, great. So we don't have any more questions. I think we can just close this call.

Astraly  39:11  
Yeah, sure. Thanks. Thanks to everyone for joining as they tune because there's going to be a lot of new things coming with the with actually after that, as I told you on the mushrooming or the roadmap for those are coming days. So yeah, it was great to to interact with the wii u guys. And yes, you should go to the next community go. Thanks, everyone. Thank

Astraly Analytics  39:40  
you. Everything you see and

Unknown Speaker  39:41  
thanks


