superphiz  5:39  
Hey everyone, welcome. I'm super fizz from the east staker community. If you are watching, right now you're coming to the painting party, we are there doing a warm up for the main net merge call. So continue to paint. I'm about to throw you the introduction for the main call. So don't don't panic, this is not the main net merge call. We're just getting warmed up. So hey, everyone, welcome to the Aetherium main net merge call, hosted by bank lists the Etherium cat herders, the daily Gwei and eat staker. We're really glad to have you here tonight, our call is going to last probably about two hours, as we spend an hour leading up to the merge, and then an hour processing the merge afterwards. We're joined here today by Aetherium, implementers, and researchers and a lot of community oriented guests. So we're really glad to have you. One thing I want to let you know, before we get started is we are streaming from the Aetherium foundation YouTube channel. But this is not an Aetherium foundation production. What we did was look for a common ground where a lot of communities could come together in one place and share the merge with you. And the Etherion foundation channel seemed like the right place. So we are the community. And we're glad you're here with us. So David, do you want to say hello?

David Hoffman  7:11  
What's up everyone? I'm actually hearing looking at the chat and saying that the volume is basically zero. You might need to fix that before we continue with the stream. Who who's managing the stream infrastructure? Michael Baetica. You working on it? Okay. All right. I'll tell Chad to calm down.

Unknown Speaker  7:29  
Why that's good. That's why we're doing a warm up. Great. Glad to have you, David and Anthony. Hello, let's get going. From the Aetherium carriers, so glad to have you. And once again, I am super fizz from the east staker community and I'm so glad to have the East acre crew here with us tonight. So welcome everyone. Before we get going, we're going to check out a two minute video that we just thought was a really cool futuristic imagination and a really cool somebody hit me with a word and take on the merge a really cool imagining of the future of Aetherium so sit back buckle in and let's let's get to it. All right, yeah, so that's my intro. It's not going to be the same. That's

Unknown Speaker  8:33  
why everything's better. There seems to be a lag in the video feed.

superphiz  8:47  
SASL I don't know if you saw me being Yes. Pretty good at it.

Unknown Speaker  8:52  
Yeah, I saw that just before I joined

superphiz  8:57  
Hello, everyone. Hello.

10 out of 10. Okay, so

dammit. Oh, see, I broke the rule.

Unknown Speaker  9:15  
No swearing on the stream. Is that a rule? Yeah,

superphiz  9:18  
it is. Just because we wanted to be as family friendly and like, sure, have it you know, but I wanted to record that. And it auto transcribed so that I could have it as a script, panic backup. Yeah.

We're live. Yeah, we're

David Hoffman  9:33  
currently live having some streaming infrastructure difficulties but not too bad.

superphiz  9:39  
But this is warmup time, and some of the best part of this is this will show up on the original stream, but when it gets preserved on the YouTube channel, we'll edit out the first hour so that the call won't start until for the public. For later viewers until All

David Hoffman  10:00  
right, whatever actual merge time? Yeah, we just cut out all the parts where things went poorly, it will be great. Exactly. Same thing with merge, right? The nine

superphiz  10:09  
hours after the pandas will just cut that out. So yeah,

David Hoffman  10:14  
just the tantas.

superphiz  10:18  
Free seals breaking a rule one letter isn't really showing numbers I'm gonna get to my painting canvas.

Where do you painted faces,

I'm just really just throw my name down.

Unknown Speaker  10:38  
Here is that. So this is live to the people that are also probably painting on this canvas.

superphiz  10:45  
The idea that people who are watching the canvas are also Okay,

Unknown Speaker  10:50  
um, so for anybody that is watching that isn't taking part of this canvas, you are definitely free to do so. All you need to do is get one of the many entry poll apps. And if you don't have one, there's also a party entry popup. And I guess maybe I can mention someone's Twitter, we all share this same sort of invitation. There is a link there. So you can go grab that poll app if you need it. It requires a point 001 eath donation to what is it again stateful. Safe works. Stefan works. Yeah. Which are some of the people that helped make Aetherium what it is, so it's definitely going to a good cause. Also, if you have friends that have ng po apps, they can also just delegate them to you as well. So they can give you a pixel pricing power. And a neat feature of this canvas, just two things I really want to mention. You can choose colours in the palette on the right, but sorry, I forgot. Firstly, to sign in with your wallet that contains any of the entry pro apps. And then there's a palette on the bottom right where you can choose something like 256 colours. And also a neat thing to like. The feature that helps you collaborate with people is you can quickly see what colour they're using by right clicking it and copying their colour. So yeah, that's that's about it. It's pretty simple. If you want to do some last minute coordination with the community, there's also a discord link in a tweet that I can only mention because I don't know where I can share it

superphiz  12:25  
what do you what do you been hokey about? I missed that.

Unknown Speaker  12:28  
There is a the tweet that we all shared. That's like the invitation to this canvas. Yeah. I don't know where I can share that in the stream. Or if I even can, maybe they can put it in the YouTube

Unknown Speaker  12:43  
comments. It's

superphiz  12:45  
so good. Okay, I'm finding someone to highlight my own logo. Like work with me

Unknown Speaker  12:57  
Hey, go and it's gone

superphiz  13:07  
my half second cooldown is being a little naughty.

Unknown Speaker  13:11  
Is it taking more than a half second?

superphiz  13:14  
It's not always recovering quickly taking the torch

Unknown Speaker  13:29  
for the Ethereum symbol,

nixorokish  13:31  
was there any anybody else having problems with the canvas?

Unknown Speaker  13:35  
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  13:37  
I think it is being heard right now.

Unknown Speaker  13:42  
I know you guys are really busy with a painting party. But could someone check how the hash rate is doing we don't want to miss

superphiz  13:52  
there's a hash rate

Unknown Speaker  13:56  
still on a downward slope? Dale reports two hours and eight minutes before TGD two

superphiz  14:05  
hours a night

Unknown Speaker  14:06  
606 UTC. That's to 6am for the folks in Berlin

superphiz  14:15  
can we identify one person who is not otherwise engaged in the canvass or whatever to monitor that TTP closely

Vitalik  14:26  
if there's an eye on it right now it's estimating two hours and seven minutes

nixorokish  14:35  
do club X Am I fighting you on the flip flop logo? I'm trying to make a

superphiz  14:40  
little What are you doing? Baby

Unknown Speaker  14:42  
I'm still trying to figure out my pixels over here.

superphiz  14:48  
What is Moodle even doing oh we're a live stream you can hear

me that's point might be able to read somebody's message Moodle and tell him he's got a Moodle.

Unknown Speaker  14:58  
Is he right under the eat?

superphiz  14:59  
Well, he's It says gradually and the boodle like it looks like it's all one

online now Rebecca

Vitalik  15:08  
pull up daughter is violently switching between like the D and 600.

Unknown Speaker  15:15  
What is summer in the Arctic right now? I think he gets a pass on anything he wants to do.

superphiz  15:22  
Unless it's like covering up the AEF logo

some things are sacred.

So who's gonna be very

you're glitching out sourced and that tallyho is obviously using a script, but it looks legit.

Unknown Speaker  15:56  
I was saying we need to be italic sombrero in here somewhere.

superphiz  15:59  
Ah.

David Hoffman  16:05  
Rocketfuel logos looking real nice. is a little small. There's two of them. Oh, I

superphiz  16:13  
didn't see that. Now. There's another one. You know, what's better than two Rocketfuel logos?

David Hoffman  16:17  
I guess. Three I was promised a bank logo. I haven't seen it yet.

superphiz  16:27  
Sir. Yeah. Somebody

Unknown Speaker  16:28  
somebody probably told you that didn't there?

Unknown Speaker  16:33  
For what happened to an offsetting project? You shilling?

superphiz  16:39  
It's pretty cool.

Unknown Speaker  16:42  
Okay, good.

superphiz  16:47  
I did probably break that rule first. Yeah. But during the main main net call, let's be careful not to promote third party projects.

David Hoffman  16:55  
Oh, no, no, no. Like, it's rocket polka. Yeah, rocket was a third party project that's mentioned Rocketfuel. No, no other. No other brands whatsoever. But

Unknown Speaker  17:07  
Aetherium serious. It's not about

Unknown Speaker  17:08  
being negative. Yeah,

superphiz  17:09  
it is about

David Hoffman  17:10  
being vegan. Yeah. Yeah. Neutral,

Unknown Speaker  17:12  
focused. We're focused on Aetherium.

superphiz  17:18  
You know, it's no big deal. If it? If you mentioned it, it's just, I just want to,

David Hoffman  17:23  
let's remember why we're here. Yeah, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  17:27  
Oh, so I mean, this is the merger, right? So the Kutztown thing will live on YouTube, and probably be pored over by people for months to come. And then they'll look back at it two years from now, like what happened at that time? You know, and then from there Aetherium went from strength to strength or from there. That other chain was right, and, you know, failed. How did they feel, then? It's all part of the record. So we want to focus on it.

superphiz  17:56  
Is the canvas frozen? I'm not seeing pixels.

Unknown Speaker  18:05  
says Can we mention? Can we mention press outlets? Or would that be showing the press outlets?

superphiz  18:20  
I have a strong intuition on that. I'm willing to defer to others.

Unknown Speaker  18:25  
Yeah, so basically, there's a lovely quote from a podcast. I just don't know whether we want to name the actual podcast. And the quote was, if the merge works, crypto has a future. So that's the view from a from a finance based outlet. Yeah, I would say that was really interesting.

superphiz  18:48  
Quote, protocol. Yeah, the focus there is the protocol. It's not, it's not naming a source to draw

Unknown Speaker  18:57  
just a question of whether we should mention where that comes from. So since this is going to be in the record, this is from the Babbage podcast from the Economist. So the question is, do we mentioned as the economist because they have a name, or do we leave that out and just use the quote?

superphiz  19:16  
What do you think if you're gonna quote the source, then it's important to credit them but again, the focus is the protocol. So it should be fine.

Unknown Speaker  19:24  
Right? Okay.

Unknown Speaker  19:25  
Yeah, we should probably credit them. Yeah, I liked that quote. I thought that was really that was their Silicon Valley tech correspondent who basically, you know, has isn't that deep in the blockchain stuff but has a view into it and his take was if the merge works crypto has a future so that was a really really strong statement.

superphiz  19:48  
What are you laughing about? Nick's the whole back.

nixorokish  19:53  
I'm the canvas is so frustrating. I'm trying to I'm trying to make the git pull up logo symmetrical and someone is fighting me and I'm trying to help. I don't know if it's cold back, so it might be cold.

Unknown Speaker  20:05  
It's not me anymore. It must be someone else. Saying, Hey,

superphiz  20:09  
if you have extra resources, please help Nix with the get po app label

nixorokish  20:14  
helped me make the get pull up, ribbons symmetrical.

Unknown Speaker  20:17  
The panda has to happen tomorrow. So I'll get my legs broken. So actually, if you have any free vs resources get the panda Tron.

David Hoffman  20:26  
Okay, Panda cam somehow? Have we fixed the stream yet? Or do we still need help on that? I can't Well, I can't tell because we're now kind of zoomed out. But like the audio was quiet. And also the video feed was laggy

superphiz  20:43  
or just fixed bandwidth. Okay. All right, cool.

Where is where's the bandwidth limitation there? If I'm the host, am I streaming to twitch? Is it coming from my feet? Or is it coming from? Like, is it going to Canada and then going to YouTube?

David Hoffman  21:06  
No, whoever's whoever streaming is collecting all of our data from zoom and then relaying it to YouTube. Okay, so there's just that one person with their bandwidth Yeah.

superphiz  21:15  
And we should have done it probably from mine I have a tonne of bandwidth sick. Oh, you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna turn on recording now. And recording in progress. Everyone's going to need to accept that but it will give us kind of this spare copy? And I do I do believe that that should be enabled for everyone who wants to record I can't confirm that but if you'd like to record locally, I'll try and help you figure it out from whatever I can control

Unknown Speaker  21:54  
some Do you think this is a good time for showing the internal message dispenser once?

Vitalik  22:05  
Yeah, I think we could do that except we're broadcasting live on YouTube right now.

Unknown Speaker  22:09  
So be careful

Unknown Speaker  22:10  
we voted on them

superphiz  22:18  
so I am giving permissions to a lot of people who are hosting the requests there is if if an unwelcome person does somehow get in if you're a co host you have the ability to mute or boot them it's better to meet to mute mute and do proactively and ask questions later

Unknown Speaker  22:50  
sorry Superfest I was just practising there

superphiz  23:31  
just like us between a waiting for the puck this is what it

David Hoffman  23:35  
says just like the calm before the storm Yeah.

superphiz  23:38  
Oh, it's it's like we've had the merge and we're all waiting for the first epoch to photo finalise and we're all just like that quiet.

David Hoffman  23:46  
They've been like my third or fourth livestream today. It's just like each one is like progressively closer and closer but like still nothing to talk about. It's like the same subjects going in circles again.

nixorokish  23:59  
David I heard you ambush someone on your livestream today

David Hoffman  24:05  
I don't know if I call an ambush but it was a little bit of a it's a little bit of a whoopsie yeah it was hilarious

superphiz  24:13  
text we gotta have context

David Hoffman  24:16  
so I we just wanted to do on bank lists like a casual casual Street guy like every bank lists like live stream every bank live show we have like an agenda prep like we're gonna guide the conversation. We just wanted to do like something completely the opposite so we just like throughout the zoom to like 5678 people say hey show up. Casual unscripted, no agenda hangout and I think I said hangout instead of live stream I should have added live stream I send that send that to help press and so like we have like a few of us in the stream Hudson. Yeah, hasn't fears. Yeah, right, right. Oh, yeah. Wait, what the fuck? Why am I so excuse me? Oh, I'm so sorry.

Unknown Speaker  24:55  
I know. Right? It's gonna be hard.

David Hoffman  24:58  
Yeah, this I was like the call I was on. Yeah, right. Yeah. And then how press comes in and starts talking about this trade that he just made and how his like OTC desk like totally gypped him on. Yeah, like, yeah, give him a bad deal on his on his rate. And then he's like, Yeah, okay. I just want to talk about this. Dude, you're going to the stream right now.

superphiz  25:21  
You wrote Kyle. It's funny, like, I really wanted to invite him here. But as a trader, it's contrary to our like, you know, overall, yeah.

David Hoffman  25:36  
Although you can see him becoming like more and more just like the way that he tweets and talks. He's like, he's come a long term believer. Yeah, I,

superphiz  25:46  
I said that to him privately. We had a chat and I was like, you're an ethos leader? And he's like, No, I'm not. I'm a trader. And I'm like, you just don't know yet. Yeah,

David Hoffman  25:55  
yeah. No, I'm in that same camp in that same camp for sure. Okay,

superphiz  26:15  
Nick is driving me crazy. Having an obvious party there. Being like, suck it. You're not here. Oh, I see is James Carla hanging out? Like, how am I? How hilarious could that big? You got the lights? The Wi Fi lights that says that Tesla uses

Unknown Speaker  26:38  
it seems company is turning out. He's sharply designing these muddy things. Yeah, he just that's how you can see him closer now on on Nick's cameras.

superphiz  26:53  
Is that Sam from POA over there? Yeah, it looks like it. No, no, not to be confused with Sam from POA.

Oh, okay, I see Madison. That's that's gonna be what James is working on. I'm sure. I'm guessing. You are correct this. James is always representing Madison. There's rocket pool. And I don't know what the other Rocketfuel one is. That's up. So I guess some people are getting pixels and some people are not. I am seeing a little collection. Well, yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  27:57  
think we're a little too successful at getting people interested about the canvas.

superphiz  28:02  
That's good. Do you know when it's middle of a phone on is? Looks like it's right.

Right both phone on.

So there's the logic bot, and then phone.

Lot of pixels bought drawn.

wasn't anybody that I coordinated or helped coordinate rather.

There needs to be more battle for the panda. And it looks like if that grey eath logo is in the belly of the panda that it's off to the left of it.

Unknown Speaker  28:48  
I'm having a hard time getting pixels down. But yeah, I'm really I'm really trying to get the outline for the belly of the panda going right now.

superphiz  28:54  
I see tornado cache.

In the lower right quadrant.

Vitalik  29:01  
I've got some tips to share about the pop Canvas if anybody's having trouble. Yeah, but I'm hearing from some folks is that if you're having trouble painting pixels, you may need to refresh. And right now there's so many people in there that it might be better to just stick on the tab with the canvas. If you switch to another tab you may find yourself needing to refresh again

Unknown Speaker  29:28  
it's good point. I'm actually going to try this in a completely private tab with no data whatsoever. See if that helps.

superphiz  29:42  
I wonder if I got my 100 pixels I gotta tell you that I do love this. This warmup. Like it is a great way to get people in and get comfy Trouble with a call before it goes live. like by the time it's live it's kind of old hat it's not like

a big deal anymore.

Unknown Speaker  30:08  
This is me and a few others are unable to turn cameras on as they're sitting.

superphiz  30:15  
Nolan is running security. I don't know he's working on something right now. So we'll

check that in a minute. Are you getting that? No one have you changed anything?

What's up what's going on?

Have you changed security settings regarding cameras? Yeah, I

made it so new people can unmute themselves and they can't start with Word and I don't think that they can screen share either

only hosts okay well you people are having trouble turning their cameras on

video there we go

Unknown Speaker  31:06  
there you go. Thank you Hello I actually was just using the right but James Hey James Jas?

superphiz  32:19  
Chat I just want to make sure I can say something. Okay, great. And just double check that

also, as there are a lot of new people who have joined us, I want to repost the call guidelines.

Not that I want to be annoying, but I do want to hold us to a higher standard

Yeah, that's a great day. Thank you so much, Sam. So for everyone who's watching we are really just hanging out enjoying the the poet art painting party. We are not live on the call. The call will start when we are an hour from TTD. So right now, really, we're just warming up and visiting this. While this is streaming live on the channel right now this will not be a part of the long term video this will be trimmed out. So yeah, hang out, join us. I may run through my intro. One more time just to make sure that we're all comfortable that for me, the hardest part of any call is the intro. Like once you get over that hump, then things kind of do their own take care of themselves. Does it Sasol with dance isn't he on the hook for that?

Unknown Speaker  33:57  
Don't do this is don't if ever

nixorokish  34:03  
there was a time. Okay, remember there was a time to fulfil this promise not about

superphiz  34:09  
he asked not to be booked. So we're gonna be good friends and kind of not.

sassal  34:15  
Yeah, I mean, there are some videos of me dancing at my fiance's. 30th birthday. So maybe if you're nice to me, I'll put I'll post those on Twitter.

superphiz  34:24  
I figure you deserve to have as much fun as anyone without being a target of harassment. So

sassal  34:29  
yeah, no, it's all good. It's all in good fun.

superphiz  34:32  
Oh, you're welcoming it. Oh, well.

sassal  34:35  
A little bit I'm just glad that this is happening like normal Australian time. Like I feel bad for everyone who is on like little sleep. But for me, it's 2:18pm I only got up a few hours ago. So I have got all the energy in the world but still I'm not going to dance.

superphiz  34:58  
I don't I'm at this but I'm not sure what time it is locally, but I don't want to know it's not going to help me any.

Unknown Speaker  35:04  
Yeah,

sassal  35:05  
I don't think so.

nixorokish  35:10  
I feel bad for the Europe people. Well, thanks How you doing?

Unknown Speaker  35:14  
Hanging in there. I wasn't able to fall asleep last night. So I was just too excited. So I just pulled it straight through and now it's 619. So

Unknown Speaker  35:22  
Anthony now we know which timezone the master node is in somewhere in Australia. That's why it's a decent time there.

sassal  35:30  
Exactly. If it was going to be anywhere, I'd be Australia, right? Copy in New Zealand, because that place doesn't exist. So it wouldn't be able to find

Unknown Speaker  35:38  
Oh, yeah, it's full of hobbits are here and sheep.

Unknown Speaker  35:43  
Yeah. Australia is

Unknown Speaker  35:45  
natural security tool. It take two steps and something poisonous bites you,

sassal  35:50  
you know. Exactly, exactly. So we got we got good natural security hell.

superphiz  35:57  
Okay, I'm looking at this chat I hang out in and I'm seeing these numbers. And I'm like, Why is everybody posting these long string of numbers? And then I'm like, oh, it's DTD. Sorry. That's like, some kind of cryptic like, is there a new thing? I don't know about? The TTB. Yeah. Well, it's it's the the TD

Unknown Speaker  36:19  
right. subterminal yet? Yes. The total difficulties? Yes. Yes. Well, what are their?

superphiz  36:24  
Why is everyone being so cryptic and posting these weird numbers? I don't know. All right. I need another coffee. I'll be back I. think,

Unknown Speaker  36:46  
oh, there's balloons. Joseph is showing us stuff right now.

Unknown Speaker  36:50  
Yeah. Hey, I'm gonna give us a little tour here. Peter has just showed up. So he's here to save

superphiz  36:56  
and opido urge say hi to Peter

Unknown Speaker  37:04  
and Martin gashes in the house or live streaming so he's famous. And we'll also get this set up so that on the call, you guys can have a will make up the last hour sort of a live look at all of the researchers there is a little 360 kinds of cam that and I believe proto lambda may bring in another so that as the researchers are gathering and of course the live stream itself for a few months of inception is is there too there may be a balloon drop if all goes well so

superphiz  37:39  
yeah hi

see breaking up for everyone.

Unknown Speaker  37:51  
Yes, it looks like Wi Fi coverage had the year for Phase I just like

superphiz  37:56  
I hope the balloons aren't there in

Unknown Speaker  37:57  
like eight hours. So bad Wi Fi coverage of the EF opposites tradition and we're gonna keep with that even during the merge oh it's thicker cabin has their own like cam now that's neat there a way to doubt

superphiz  38:26  
why am I not there? I Sam and I you guys don't know that Sam coffee and I Sam from poem The other Sam from for the one of the Sam's from collapse. We have really bad FOMO for not joining this cabin, but we wanted to make sure that the sticker was somewhat decentralised for this event. And so we were home.

Unknown Speaker  38:50  
Jealous to wait are you the designated survivor of eath staker superficies. Survivor

Vitalik  38:59  
this is just a really elaborate way

superphiz  39:01  
for seekers to admit that he's a Gora phobic, and basically

don't sleep as well away from home there. So, I want to I want to update anybody who's joined in the past few minutes. This is not the main net merge call yet. This is the right place. But we are really just hanging out for a while watching Buddha eat his lunch and participating in the co op art canvas. And that will last until about one hour before TTD. When we get to one hour before TTV. We're going to kind of start a blank slate. We're going to go off for a few minutes. We're going to regroup with this room. We're going to plan it and then we're going to pop back in and I'm going to say hello everyone welcome to Do the Etherium main net merge call, blah, blah, blah. And we'll go into the real call. But what we're doing right now it's just enjoying the painting party. I encourage everyone to get 100 pixels down if you can, and they need to stay. I can't tell you why, because it would be non germane. But it wouldn't be cool. If you were able to do that. One of the best ways to do that is to contribute to the main theme, which you will see as a panda in the middle. Because as a part of the canvas that we expect to romaine, you're likely not to be wiped out there.

And so yeah,

we I don't really know. Sam, can you give me an idea how long it's going to be before we go live?

Vitalik  40:51  
Yeah, it's looking like right now we probably have another 40 to 45 minutes before we kick off maybe a little bit earlier than that. Doesn't have to be exact but that's that's a rough target.

superphiz  41:02  
Great. Yeah. So we're just going to hang out and enjoy company and what people filter in. But that's that's why things seem so unstructured right now. Don't worry about it. James Adrian, good to see you guys.

Jonathan Mann  41:22  
Yeah, hello. I couldn't resist joining I was listening on the YouTube and I heard all the whinging about how late at night it was and I just just wanted to come on with smaller spiralling

superphiz  41:33  
I know we know that Australians paid off the miners were not Yes, probably wrote a check to the miners.

Jonathan Mann  41:43  
I nearly spun up some of my own hash rate but it just just landing beautifully. The only thing is you know, at the moment it's looking like it might be about 430 Our time pushes past five we're gonna have to knock off the day and do it tomorrow.

superphiz  41:56  
Ah I I've been sincerely tempted to fire up a GPU, but all of my cards are in machine like one of them is on my Zoom machine and I'm like I don't want to mine during the call. And then what is it my staking machine and I'm like I don't want to run staking I'm an older on mining about hardware on my staking machine. So I'm like I'll just sit it out. We are

Unknown Speaker  42:24  
conflicting with any important sports volume in

Unknown Speaker  42:30  
the WNBA finals tonight again or did that happen the other night and even still it's too late for it to still be going on so now

superphiz  42:37  
I wanted to say Do you think anyone in this room would know Hudson is

Unknown Speaker  42:43  
the see everyone by the way, people posted a about 30 minutes ago posted an artwork for the March.

Unknown Speaker  43:40  
So adrene is it off to the pub at 5pm? Is that what happens? Over there

Jonathan Mann  43:49  
I don't leave the house I work from home. I've been working from home 10 years. kind of gotta catch a bus to a pub. It's really not an Australian place right here. It's used to live in a town where there was about 20 people and for pubs. That was Australia but I do have some homebrew chilling in the fridge looking forward to getting into that if it all goes smoothly. So

Unknown Speaker  44:12  
I was gonna say the real merge isn't what we're going to be talking about with a theory of it's you and Anthony find each other in Australia and giving a big hug and merging.

Jonathan Mann  44:29  
That to go to Amsterdam to meet Anthony

Unknown Speaker  44:32  
that might involve single prop planes.

superphiz  44:37  
Yeah, actually we're in the outback. Yeah. Excited to see

Unknown Speaker  44:55  
Jonathan here. Hello, Jonathan. I'm a big fan bought your album Keep refreshing that metadata. It's good. Loving.

Unknown Speaker  45:05  
That working. I'm so glad that that that functionality is working

Unknown Speaker  45:08  
it. It takes a little bit of time. But, but it's yeah, it's definitely working. It's very cool. I really like it a lot. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, really well done.

superphiz  45:19  
I feel awkward already owning so many of those NF T's. Like, I didn't plan it, I just wanted them.

Unknown Speaker  45:26  
Super, super busy ones, four of the 12 merge of the one of one merge sounds.

Unknown Speaker  45:32  
So you must be doing quite well is

superphiz  45:36  
I did calculate my gains. I think it's almost like point two, eight. So you know, I'm making it, I'm making it in

Unknown Speaker  45:48  
years from now, point to eight, it's gonna be something to talk about maybe.

superphiz  45:53  
And sadly, the keys to that wallet will have been lost years before. Unless I use social recovery wallet, and then I'm like,

really good form.

It's interesting to watch Gordale how the, the merge line? I'm sorry, the difficulty line is diverging from the projection. Like, it's clear that miners are shutting down and whatnot. That's not that's an exaggeration. It's clear that hash rate is decreasing. And

we've done remarkably well. But yeah, hash rate

Unknown Speaker  46:37  
stayed stayed pretty, like pretty high, much higher than I thought it would. Um, before we get into the mainstream, I want to give a quick shout out to my mom, because my mom has a family group chat, where they send a prayer request for the merge on my behalf. And that caused my uncle to call my mom and say, what is the merge and for 45 minutes, my mom, who is just an educator, like a teacher, or like a curriculum coordinator, explained proof of work proof of steak the merge. She was like, the one thing she she messed up on, she was like, you know, I explained that there was like, the normal theory of network and there was like rinky dink or something. I'm like, do you mean Rinkeby? And she's like, Yeah, yeah. Rinkeby. And I explained that Rinkeby was a test network, and that these are really, you know, nothing's gonna go wrong with the merge, because they've worked so hard on it. And I was like, That's great. Thank you. This great

superphiz  47:28  
cake. In retrospect, rinky dink would have been a fantastic name for yes.

Unknown Speaker  47:35  
That's it. That is the most wholesome and beautiful story. I feel like I've ever heard. I love that story.

Unknown Speaker  47:42  
My mom has been a big Aetherium supporter since 2015. When I was getting into it, she was just, I would call her you know, every few weeks or whatever, and just talk to her about what I've been doing in it. And so she would follow it. And so she Yeah, shout out to Rhonda.

superphiz  47:55  
That's actually kind of a neat idea. And Pooja suggested it as well. Hudson, do you want to? You shared a personal anecdote, do you want to pass to someone else? And while we're just kind of hanging out, we can. You know, we have about 30 minutes, just give everyone a chance to share a personal anecdote. Sure, that sounds like a great idea.

Unknown Speaker  48:18  
Is there anyone that wants to go next, just so I'm not putting someone on the spot?

Pooja Ranjan  48:23  
I think I can go next. Similar to Hudson story, I have a story of my son, my own son, when I talked to him about that, we are going to join this merge coil in the middle of the night. And by the time you guys will be asleep, I have to wake up and join the call. And he was asking me, Is it the merge merge call? Like you guys are actually going to have merge like you guys have been talking for over two years. And are you going to be having this upgrade now? And I was like, Okay, if my son is asking me these questions, I wonder what other community members have been thinking

superphiz  48:57  
about? That's awesome. I love it. Who else? Go next?

Unknown Speaker  49:09  
This is from last year. I had started working on Aetherium full time. And my mom talked to me and she said so you're doing blockchain stuff. And that burns all this energy. Have you lost all your youthful idealism? Because as a young man, I kept talking about how important this is. And I said to her, Well, if Areum is changing to the US 99.5% less energy and she's like, Oh, okay, okay, that's okay. Who's next? All right. I'll call on someone then. Um, Joseph, are you with this?

Unknown Speaker  50:06  
Was my connection? Brother? Yes, it's, it's a bit better. Do you have a personal story you want to share at all? If not, that's okay. Sure, you

Unknown Speaker  50:13  
know, I spend a lot of time talking with press folks. And I came from the political space. And I'm on the left, and or at least, where the left was in the States. And you know, it's funny, because a lot of the blockchain space associated with the Bitcoin world A while back, and you have this have to explain to people that it has its own political divide, you know, the anarchic libertarianism versus this, like, what can we do with the technology crowd that was liberal by definition. And, you know, also confused a lot of folks because, you know, here you are pushing for all kinds of improvements to policies, law, yeah. Using a technology that people didn't understand can also be used for societal improvement. See, instead of something that's maybe closer to being used for societal escapism, and this is kind of a moment where it's really been inspiring to see that people aren't just covering it, they get it. So it's kind of, it's beginning to break into

Unknown Speaker  51:23  
the kind

Unknown Speaker  51:26  
of everybody's lexicon as we like, cross this threshold into legitimacy in theory inland, that it's not all that it's not all speculation. It's not all, you know, you know, kind of these more conservative ideals and they get people are trying to do something here. It feels like a payoff. You know, everything that's been worked on for the last eight years, like it's culminating in this thing, where people get that it will matter and it will change things and that kind of hits. So it feels like a personal thing. Also, I have this nice sticker mean, I don't know if you can see their personal work miners. Yeah, he's cool. So I'll pass to Ben Colbys, signing colefax speak yet?

superphiz  52:16  
Not yet.

Unknown Speaker  52:18  
I was just thinking about a story of what I started really working in Aetherium, full time about two years ago, right around right before the launch of the beacon chain. I went to go visit my grandmother. And she was asking me what I was doing, I'd recently quit my job. And I told her I was working, you know, generally in this community called Aetherium. And she asked me, she's like, what's that? And I was like, okay, and I sat down with her for 45 minutes. And I sort of walked her through, like, what Aetherium is and what it could be used for and things and use analogy, like her local Savings Bank and things and she really got it. And it was really cool. And ever since then, she'll always ask me, she'll be she sees a theorem in the news all the time. She's like, she'll send me articles to be like, hey, Kofax like I saw it, tear him in the news. Like, do you know about this? Like, I just wanted to let you know. And I'm like, You're just this is amazing. I don't know it's always heartwarming. When I hear from her she always asked me like, hey, like, is this does this impact like, what you're doing like? And she's just like, really care so much and so cool to see her engaged with that. She's 93 Now,

superphiz  53:21  
so yeah, wow, can you watching now?

Unknown Speaker  53:27  
Yeah, she is not watching now. She's asleep. It's a little late for her on the East Coast.

superphiz  53:31  
Unfortunately. Well,

Unknown Speaker  53:37  
Patricia, you're unmuted. What's your story?

Unknown Speaker  53:41  
My story is that I am dealing with some performance issues in the canvas. I am here for getting my work done. So I rather pass my opportunity into an epic someone fun I would like to have a shake up from his global

superphiz  54:05  
shared history your marriage checkup?

Could you please not embarrass me

I can't even find them who

they are. There

seems to be swapping headphones

nixorokish  54:31  
audio issues. Absolutely putting Patricio to shame you're one pick.

Unknown Speaker  54:55  
At least start metallics microphone.

superphiz  54:58  
Definitely going to Be metallics microphone.

Unknown Speaker  55:02  
No microphone is better than be telex microphone.

superphiz  55:08  
I get so much crap over whatever that merge call was girly, I guess when, like, I was hosting and it was my role or it wasn't girly, because I didn't know it's early, but it was what have been my role to like redirect and say, Hey, your mic is bad, but I like it was worth it. I don't know.

Jacobs rejoined.

Unknown Speaker  55:31  
Classic. Unmute. And zoom crashes bug, sorry. Catches You

superphiz  55:38  
made me proud. Yeah, well,

Unknown Speaker  55:41  
I knew you would call on me too. So I really should have predicted that. Yeah, I was thinking about on my on personally about a year and a half ago. So I've been, you know, working in the theory community for since around 2017 2018, but also in the web to community and had a really tough choice between kind of continuing on my work and web two, and devoting full time to web three. Ultimately, this year ended up committing full time to this community. And I guess a lot of people on this call actually, were kind of part of that decision for me. So it was really awesome to figure this a little bit of like a closure situation where I'm like on the merge call. So it's been an amazing year. And it's awesome to be part of this.

Unknown Speaker  56:27  
Funny thing, I pinch a call out of the people in this call is one that has the most you have met Patricia powerups.

Unknown Speaker  56:35  
I probably do. I think I have almost one every this year.

Unknown Speaker  56:39  
Yeah, I am slightly surprised that you're not getting the September one. But you know, I have some tree kill of hope that somehow on the 15 days left, like, you find out that you forgot something in Boehner scientists or whatever. And we get to meet and you get it.

superphiz  56:57  
There you have that, that embarrassing experience where I don't know, Jacob, but I was vetting him for an invitation. And I'm like, so what? Don't tell me about your like, how are you involved? And he's like, Well, you know, I work with global and I've met Patricio we're friends. And I was like, Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry, here. Here's your invitation. Have a nice day. Because I have to realise, like, I know 1% of the people in Patricio knows everyone in the ecosystem. So yeah, that's a good a good vouch.

Unknown Speaker  57:29  
Yeah. I have to sign it, you know, the East global sign. That's how you know I'm legit.

Unknown Speaker  57:37  
And now you need to pick who's first for sharing their story.

Pooja Ranjan  57:42  
Maybe another person from eat global, I can see cardi calvaria.

Unknown Speaker  57:46  
Yeah, why not? Card to pick you want to go? Oh, it's a it's time to give a personal anecdote if you have those cards. Ready,

Unknown Speaker  57:59  
just join art and art in my noisy background. I'm at the def office in Berlin. And it seems like it's like 6:30am. And super people are just super excited. So it's getting really fun. But, I mean, I don't really I missed the first half in general, I just tuned in because it's getting set up. But a personal note I assume about at the communities, if not correct me. But it's been kind of an amazing past five years, like especially with mobile, we kind of got to see so much of this space evolve and change and just grow it's to me a wonderful thing that not only are there people that have kind of come to the web three system and specifically theory and ecosystem from a bunch of events but also that they kind of stick around and help and contribute and make this ecosystem even better. So to me it's more about like the meta observation as we never realised or predicted the impact any of these things would have and just kind of seeing that perturb and just to me like the most mind blowing and I see that every day whether the person sitting sharing the excitement about what they've done to somebody send you an email to somebody say hey I want to do this or I want to see more of this. That's the best part about physical space

Pooja Ranjan  59:28  
Thank you God take sorry for putting you on the spot just wanted to have everyone like a sharing some story if they have any. I can see some more deaths. Join in anyone if they would like to share anything from their work or maybe personal anecdotes.

superphiz  59:57  
I want to say how excited I am For personal reasons to get past the merge, because I've been pouring so much energy into promoting decentralisation on the chain, that I've really taken time away from my family. And so I was talking to my son today, he's three. And I'm like, today's a really big Workday for Daddy, I'm going to be online and all day. And I said, what we're going to merge, and after the merge is over, I'm going to have a lot of time to play. And so all day long, he's been saying, Have you merged yet is the merge done. And I'm like, well, it's gonna be a little bit later. And so it's gonna be late tonight. And so this evening after his bath, he's like, is the merge done. And I'm like, he, like he's so excited about it. And I'm really looking forward to like, getting past this big hump, so that I can refocus my attention for a while on my family. And it's fun to be passionate about Aetherium. And I love this opportunity to express my passion. But I'm also looking forward to an opportunity to like, realign my time toward my family for a while. So it's kind of neat.

That's really wholesome. We heard earlier about

Unknown Speaker  1:01:12  
potential for social good in Aetherium. I'm curious what everybody's kind of like pet project is that they'd like to see if and when Aetherium can technically handle things that don't need, you know, dollars per TX. Like, what's the what's the Nano thing you're excited about to see in the coming?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:34  
I'm working with a company who is going to do potentially some kind of whistleblowing platform and completely built on a theory of including the reputation system and incentives. That's really exciting for me.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:52  
Like whistleblowing, about corporate wrongdoing, that kind of stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:57  
Pretty much any kind of sub like you can make sub communities within it, hopefully, depending on how it's built. So it's kind of like WikiLeaks but for anything.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:08  
Cool. And minus the hanging out in the Ecuadorian Embassy for

superphiz  1:02:13  
three years? Yes, yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:20  
I have good news. We are about to miss shine by one of my favourite decision people Bennachie turn

superphiz  1:02:30  
grey beards. Awesome.

It takes a lot together. We got

Unknown Speaker  1:02:37  
another of my friends, Guillaume baalei. From the guests team, give them say hi.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:44  
Hi. How's everyone doing today?

superphiz  1:02:47  
Nothing fancy.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:52  
Just a regular day, nothing. Nothing to expect. Regular coffee woke up at a regular time,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:59  
right? That's it. Just a man?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:03  
Why are you in a cave? Or a time where you are? I don't know where you are right now.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:09  
Yeah, my place in Berlin. I'm gonna go I'm gonna go to the office but wanting to drop by and say hi. Just thank the community for for their support. Because yeah, if it wasn't for, you know, stickers, and especially individual stickers, we would not be we will not be cryptocurrency So, yeah, very glad to have everybody participate. It's really it's really about people. So see, now I'm talking like like your marketing guys. That's That's how excited about the merging. And, and I froze, do that, did I? No,

superphiz  1:03:56  
no, no, you're good. So in just a moment, let me zoom out again to the big picture one more time. This is the Etherium main net merge viewing call, but it's before the call. This is the painting party. Before the call, we do plan to start the call the formal call in about 20 minutes. Before we do that, so if you're painting, you can continue painting all the way through the formal call. And until we finalise So, this is going to be a joke, just to prepare you so that means you'll have about nine hours left in the painting party Eames joke but seriously, so you'll be able to continue the painting party throughout the call. And in this room, we're going to we're going to break off for a while and we're going to have an internal just kind of orientation planning prep meeting and then we When we come back, it will be one hour before main net merge. And we'll begin that come back with an announcement of the call, then is there going to be like a placeholder to let people who tune in know that we're coming soon? And that is that set up?

Okay. Before we do that, I think it would be great to let's find someone here to, to generate a tweet that says, hey, we're starting this may net merge call in whatever number of minutes and post that here in the chat and then give everyone an opportunity to retweet it. So we kind of amplify it. And I will, does anyone want to volunteer to be that person? It's a big responsibility.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:50  
And I can retweet from the foundation account, but somebody else did tweet it.

superphiz  1:05:57  
I can tweet it. Perfect. Hudson, you're a great representative. And then we'll do tweet from everywhere. If you'll tweet that and and then we'll put it in the chat. We'll all retweet it. And then, like I said, this, this group of 30 people, we're going to just disappear from the merge view. I'm sorry, from the painting party view. As we kind of talk and organise to get ready for the merge call. Awesome.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:32  
Okay, I'm gonna do the eath global I'm going to quote or like link the eath Global Link to this because there's like a chat room and other cool stuff. And there's that okay.

superphiz  1:06:41  
Yeah, I don't any. Yeah, that's that's anything's great. And that is good. I really, I think the quality of the eath global chat is likely to be superior to that of

Unknown Speaker  1:06:51  
you too. So I just say more

superphiz  1:06:52  
calls don't Lo Fi beats. I gotta tell you to Karthik I, when I get stressed, I go find those Lo Fi beats. And I'm like, well, it's that or Taylor Swift. If I get really stressed, I pull out my Pixel buds, stick it in my ear, put on some Taylor Swift and show that was over self discipline.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:15  
We got some angry messages when that channel got taken down like a while ago. So you're not the only one. There's hundreds of people that just watch the live streams just to play radios. Yeah, it's gonna be fun. Yeah, no, I had some whenever you're done with the tweet, let me know. We'll also announce that on on the live stream, so everybody on the chat can see this. And we'll make sure that we message it

Unknown Speaker  1:07:39  
will be another minute and or less than that. I'll have it done. Let's see, oh, this is eat steak or bakeless a theory of cat herders and daily weigh, right? That's right.

superphiz  1:07:50  
You can

Unknown Speaker  1:07:52  
even take it from the bio on the YouTube video.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:57  
Ah, okay. I think already just typed it all out anyway. So merge call starts in here. This is what I typed someone just proofread it. It's just a sentence. Where is a blue? Is this one yet?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:14  
You can take off the eight minutes, I think you just make it like the official invitation to join because when a tweet gets older people will

Unknown Speaker  1:08:23  
submerge call starts now. Got it?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:25  
Hi. And Peter will be on the merge call. And, you know,

superphiz  1:08:32  
maybe starting this starting in a few moments.

Jonathan Mann  1:08:35  
Yep. Originally, we it's funny.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:40  
We have to call an hour before merge. Do we really want to do two hours before merge now?

superphiz  1:08:46  
Oh, that's right. There's some discrepancy about when TTD is actually going to hit

Unknown Speaker  1:08:51  
640 UTC is the current prediction by bore down with current hash rate, which is probably going to shift a little further back still, as hash rate drops.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:02  
I tweet posted posted the

superphiz  1:09:04  
link. And so just just for the record, we still have time, there's some discrepancy about when TTD is actually going to happen. Whether it's going to be one hour from now or two hours from now when we retweet that and then we can discuss because kind of what I'm feeling like is when we go dark for a while to organise, we're not going to come back until we start the main net merge call. And if that's like an hour, then it's probably longer than we wanted to be offline.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:43  
Yeah, we don't have enough content on field so

superphiz  1:09:47  
much time.

What which we could definitely stall but yeah, it needs it needs to be a kind of a compact, not totally compact, but a concise call.

Jonathan Mary can just fill Have a song. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:02  
I stand at the ready if needed.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:06  
I don't know that we need you to sing for an hour and a half. That's brutal. And then obviously

Unknown Speaker  1:10:17  
I honestly think that even if it is two hours once you're through the agenda that the view counts is going to be a lot of fun. And that, you know, just in general, running to a lot of these explainers again that time will be eaten up pretty quick. It should be fun. I think we're all gonna have a blast.

superphiz  1:10:42  
Just keep singing until we finalise we could be you

that didn't work

Unknown Speaker  1:11:05  
I don't think we're live next. Or if we're if the stream is live, I think we're muted and vedika right. Oh, I can't hear you on bedika you're muted. Okay, cool.

superphiz  1:11:21  
And that's that's intentional. We want it to be a warming for everyone. Sam we so we have this discrepancy about when we're actually going to hit TTD Dorsten sees it two hours out, Sam sees it one hour out.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:42  
I'm not sure what that one hour just coming from. If you look at at current hash rate, right? Don't look at the smoothest prediction of over the past few days. That's useless. If you look at current hash rate, we're looking at 614 UTC.

superphiz  1:12:00  
Yeah, that makes better sense that we're so close that we're not really interested in.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:03  
We're not really interested in the average because we're so close, right? We're like hours away from it. So we want to look at it at current hash rate, how long would it take? And at current hash rate, we're hitting it at 614. Now currently, hash rate is 766. I need that to kind of go down to 667 just for the meme.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:40  
Before we go live, I have a question for when Ben the redish I think I heard your wife is an avid no runner and validator which clients is he using?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:59  
This is question for me Patricio. Sorry, I was changing the speakers. Well, yes, as far as the tax authorities are concerned, she's a very keen staker. And you can probably infer which which clients, she favours Yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:21  
For consensus sure execution. I wonder

superphiz  1:13:26  
YEAH. Hello everyone, welcome I'm super fist from the Eat staker community. And I have been waiting for a couple of years to see you all on this call. So it's it's so great to be here with everyone. This is the Etherium main net merge viewing call, we're looking forward to the Etherium main net merge, that is the the transition from proof of work to proof of stake to occur in about an hour. And in that hour, we kind of want to celebrate, educate and just share this experience with you. Tonight's call is going to be hosted by bank lists, the daily Gwei Aetherium cat herders, and each staker the organisation I work with. We're also joined by client implementation teams, researchers, and a lot of other community contributors. And I'm so glad to see such a wide range of folks here tonight.

It's important to let you know before we start, this call is being hosted on the Aetherium foundation channel. And the Etherion foundation is kind of an official organisation that supports Aetherium development. But in fact this call is being run by the community The four organisations that I mentioned bakeless, Staley, Gwei, Aetherium, cat herders and East diggers, we're all community organised. But we wanted to find kind of a common middle ground where we could come together and not not like split up into our own calls, we wanted to come together, bring every one of the community together into one place, and really merge together. And so we borrowed the Etherion foundation channel. There are lots of folks here from the Etherion foundation joining us. But I want to point out this is first and foremost, a community call a celebration. And to that extent, what what you hear tonight should not necessarily be regarded as official. This, this is primarily a celebration of the merge, not necessarily a technical overview of the merge. The most important thing to remember, we don't know what's going to happen in an hour after we see pandas and after we wait for finalisation, if you're a journalist, if you're someone who's going to be reporting on Twitter, about what's happening tonight, I urge you to, to, to not regard this as canon. Because what's very likely to happen are sources that we're looking at websites that we're looking at information that we're looking at, could very easily go down or be wrong. And the best practice is to wait until you hear official notice. Even official notice from well regarded tweeters, like Vitalik Buterin, or Danny Ryan or Tim Paco. Those sources of information are great final sources of information. And this call really should be regarded as a celebration and information, not a source of cannon about how the merge went. And I'm just saying that in advance because I don't know any more than than you do, what's going to happen in an hour. And I the last thing I want is to have a misunderstanding based on our celebration. So again, I'm joined by a super fish from East acre. I'm joined by David Hoffman from bank lists, David, how are you?

David Hoffman  2:07:15  
Absolutely fantastic fish. How are you doing?

superphiz  2:07:18  
I'm good. Anthony Susana, from the daily grade.

sassal  2:07:23  
Hey, hey, happy to be here. Very excited. I am the happiest I've been in a very long time. So I hope everyone else shares my excitement today.

superphiz  2:07:32  
And push her on job from Aetherium cat herders.

Pooja Ranjan  2:07:37  
Hey, everyone, I'm very excited and very happy to be here with and CO hosting this countdown that the absolutely wonderful ghost and amazing people from the community.

superphiz  2:07:48  
Yeah, this is gonna be great. David, what are you looking forward to tonight?

David Hoffman  2:07:53  
The pandas. Of course, this has been a long time coming. It was a long and winding road. The the fact that we are actually here today is a little bit surreal. I think for everyone here on this call. It's both. It was both long awaited and actually kind of unreal that it's actually happening. But of course, I think we're all here to see some pandas show up on the screen. A little bit, a little bit of chaos after that, and then some clarity after that. So that's what I'm looking forward to.

superphiz  2:08:21  
Yeah. And Nancy, you you kind of lucked out with, with the timing on this. How are you feeling about that? Ah,

sassal  2:08:29  
it's amazing. It means I have all the energy in the world to celebrate the merge when it happens. It's what 3:52pm right now. It's perfect. Just perfect. This is like peak time for me to be excited about the merge. So, I mean, you could probably tell in my voice I'm just raring to go.

superphiz  2:08:46  
Yeah, yeah, the Americans tend to get favour over Australians very often. So, um, I, I guess I'm supposed to say I'm happy for you. I don't.

sassal  2:08:58  
It's you don't have to be happy for me. If you don't want to be I understand what it's like to have things happen in really bad times or in a weird time zone. So yeah.

Pooja Ranjan  2:09:10  
152 and

superphiz  2:09:12  
Oh, wow. Yeah, you've you've got me what? So how are you excited? How long have you been up? Or what's? What's your, your status right now? Right. I

Pooja Ranjan  2:09:22  
mean, I made sure that all my kids and my family are asleep asleep. And then I tried to wake up for this call. It is really exciting. We have been waiting for this day, for a very long time. And when the time comes, it's all by I don't know it's a curse. Or what it is like most of the calls of Aetherium are generally at the very best time but when the most important call is there it is in the middle of the night, buddy. Yeah.

superphiz  2:09:49  
Hang on. Yeah, I loved you know, a week ago, it looked like this was going to be 7pm For me, and I was I was kind of on cloud nine and Oh, well, you know, things didn't turn out that way. But I'm, I'm really excited that everyone showed up tonight. And I'm glad that everyone watching on YouTube on eath global or wherever you're consuming this. Really glad to see everyone this tonight. Before we go too much further, we have we have a two minute video we'd like to share with everyone. And so the idea is, we'll share this video and then after that we'll talk about the the agenda for the show. But so it's a two minute video that kind of gives a futuristic, a wildly futuristic and exceptionally wild futuristic concept of what the future of a theory involves. It's kind of fun, kind of futuristic, but I'm vedika if you can go ahead and fire that off we will hang out and watch

Unknown Speaker  2:10:53  
Okay, I'm gonna go ahead and transition over that video just real quick. Those of you on the Zoom I can't guarantee that you'll see and or hear it so if you do want to consume it just watch on the live stream with everyone else

Unknown Speaker  2:11:15  
the era of mining Aetherium by brute force trial and error is coming to a close the difficult proof of work mining process is well known to be unsustainable proof of stake mechanisms have taken years of research and development mining could cause centralization security risks and further environmental harm. Onboarding eath preparing blocks for transfer destination targeted the beacon chain launch sequence initiated. Proof of stake mechanisms promised a brighter future a greener sustainable paradise, which provides the essential foundation for scalability meeting humanity's needs in a network builds on stability.

superphiz  2:13:27  
Right I saw that video and I just I felt like that had to go out like it was just an incredible futuristic perspective. I don't know I'm kind of blown away by it. Next, I'd like to introduce an E staker NYX aura Kish. She began by providing community support in the East staker Reddit. And she's a perfect example of someone who just wanted to commit to the community. And because of that we on boarded her to East take her full time. It she's just an an exceptional example of someone who made their way in by committing time to the success of Aetherium. And so I'm really glad to introduce Nix Orchis to share the agenda for tonight.

nixorokish  2:14:20  
Hi, everyone. So first thing we're going to do is we're going to have a few accessible talks. And the point of these talks are to be geared towards people who don't necessarily see spend all of their time in the Aetherium ecosystem. So you're going to hear from Tim Bayko Vitalik puja of theory and cat herders fizz and in the middle of that you will hear a song from Jonathan man. And then we will go to Danny Ryan, who will show us what we're looking for, to see that the merge is successful and hope he'll walk you through I'm Remy, will Remi arrive eat staker will walk us through sort of a technical overview of what's happening. And after that, we'll watch pandas, we'll watch pandas when Remy is talking. And then we'll wrap up, the painting party will see the canvas close, we will give you pro app details. So don't ask one poll up until the end. And then there will be a community q&a. And you can find that that slider link in some of the more technical discord. So if you're looking to answer a question, or ask a question, go find that slider link. And then we will close the call.

superphiz  2:15:46  
Awesome, thanks for the agenda overview. So we recognise that many people who are watching know more about Aetherium than people in this room. And that's that's so exciting. But we also want to welcome people who have no idea what's going on, they've never heard of Aetherium, they found this video, and we want to spend this call kind of educating you about what Aetherium is and where it's headed. And so we've kind of tapped David Hoffman from bank lists. David, can you tell us? What is the merge? And how does it fit into the greater context?

David Hoffman  2:16:23  
Now, what is the merge? What are we all doing here watching this stream? The merge is a long time coming of the arrival of proof of stake to Aetherium. That's really what it is. It's Ethereum transitioning into proof of stake. And this has been a goal of Aetherium. For years. Now, since Genesis, it has always been the goal for Aetherium to migrate eventually, from proof of work to proof of stake. And the merge has been the mechanism of which we actually get that done. Why is it called the merge. That's because there's currently two blockchains running in parallel right now, the main proof of work Aetherium chain, the chain that we know is called Aetherium, the one that we know, and there's also this other chain called the beacon chain. Now, the beacon chain really just does one thing, it does one thing and one thing alone, which is B proof of stake, it's all it does, there's no transactions, there's no tokens, it just validates itself in a proof of stake fashion, and it's using ether that's been deposited on the main Aetherium chain. And then this new beacon chain listens to that if main Aetherium chain for ether deposits. And that is how ether becomes heard and acknowledged and then answered and exists on the beacon chain, the beacon chain launched in December of 2020. And it's been a blockchain that's just been validating as a proof of stake blockchain ever since then. And now that it is stable, and now that the developers feel secure, we are merging with that beacon chain. And so as we approach what we are all talking about, as seeing the pandas with us really merge meaning is that the current Aetherium chain is intersecting with the beacon chain. And the proof of stake component of the beacon chain is like bumping out the proof of work miners for the Ethereum, the main Aetherium consensus. And so this merge, what we are all here for today on the stream, is to watch the event where the beacon chain, the proof of stake consensus of the beacon chain becomes the actual consensus of the main Aetherium chain. And all of the various clients. There are many clients of Aetherium, there's different instead of one, canonical Aetherium, there's a five, six, many different clients of Aetherium. And the each one of these are syncing with each other, and the beacon chain to all listen to the beacon chain all at the same time, all at the same way as the TTD number, total terminal difficulty, a very large number, once we hit that number, all of a sudden, the main Aetherium chain will start to listen to the beacon chain instead of the miners. And in that moment, we will have merged with the beacon chain and become proof of stake. So fits that is what the merge is. And that is why we're all here today on this live stream.

superphiz  2:19:05  
Thanks, David. I'm so excited. Can't wait. Anthony, I think you're up are we are we ready for our next segment?

I'm ready to go.

sassal  2:19:19  
If the speaker that I'm introducing is ready.

superphiz  2:19:22  
They are. Cool. Awesome.

sassal  2:19:25  
All right. So that was actually a really great overview. Dave, I don't want to commend you on that. That was That was great. So thanks so bad. But yeah, so we are moving to proof of steak as David just explained, but why are we doing this? Right? It has been a long time coming. We have been talking about it for many, many different years. There are a bunch of different reasons why people are excited about it. But I think that a lot of people in the audience and just generally would love to know why we're doing this. You know how, how we kind of like view this as a community and who better to explain why Aetherium is switching to proof of stake than Vitalik himself over time. Like, feel free to take the stage

superphiz  2:20:01  
mic problems I bet you've been there before, haven't we?

It's not a launch mercial on call without

Jonathan Mann  2:20:24  
this. Yeah, this just proving it's the real metallic.

Unknown Speaker  2:20:29  
This is proof of Ethereum. Wait,

superphiz  2:20:32  
wait for the Rick Roll, then we'll know. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:20:35  
I believe there is technical difficulties. I'm working the audit with him.

Unknown Speaker  2:20:40  
Okay, so we'll go to the next question.

superphiz  2:20:45  
So Pooja, you're up. 

Pooja Ranjan  2:20:50  
Right. So the next segment that we are going to cover today is what is the merge and what effect it will have on end users. To provide an overview, let me invite our next guest. Who doesn't need an introduction? Definitely not for those people who have been following Aetherium. Since EIP, 1559, please welcome the vibrant facilitator of HTML code of cards in dayco.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:19  
Oh, hi, everyone. Can you hear me?

superphiz  2:21:23  
Okay, sweet.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:24  
Well, yeah, thanks, everyone for tuning in and watching. So yeah, I'll talk quickly about what the merge does for end users and generally for Aetherium. And maybe a good way to start this is to focus on, you know, the average user of Aetherium, who just wants to transact on chain. And we actually worked quite hard so that for all those users, the merge does basically nothing in terms of their experience. So if they send a transaction, like if you're sending a transaction in an hour, whether it lands on the last proof of work block, or the first proof of steak Lodge, it doesn't affect your transaction, you don't need to do anything. It'll just keep working. And that was like, really important design goal. So that's all the users of Aetherium, all the infrastructure, all the smart contracts, just keep working as expected. So I see the chat that I've stolen someone's mic. Hopefully, it's good. Thanks. Like client? Yeah, shout out to my client. Yeah, so for users of a theory, I'm ready. The goal was like, an extremely smooth transition. But then, you know, why do the merge at all? What do we get at the network level. And Danny, who's here likes to say there's like three things, sustainability, scalability, and security. And sustainability is the one that gets talked about the most these days. And it's quite obvious, you know, proof of work uses physical resources to secure the network does have a very high energy cost. This is what kind of goes in as a security for Aetherium. Moving to proof of stake allows us to kind of get rid of that entire energy expenditure that we use the security chain. And you know, there's different, there's different estimates for this, some people say like 99.9% 99.95, but I think that the way to look about Alice's, it's almost a bit more like qualitative, like, on proof of work, we have to keep growing the amount of hardware of electricity that we use at the secure Aetherium. If you want the chain to kind of grow and scale in, in size, our proof of stake we don't need to do that. Like there's no not only that, we like stop the use we have today, but there's no more growth rate. And we benefit from any optimization in computing. So that's the first big one, the second one around security. We could go on for a long time for this. But I think an easy way to think about it. And for people who might not be super familiar with like, all the details is proof of work basically gives you like, a carrot to motivate people, right? Like you give them coins if they do the right thing on the network. And if you don't do the right thing, you don't get coins. And you hope that this is a strong enough motivation for people to to do the right thing. On proof of stake we can, we can keep doing that, we can also introduce some conditions, where if validators do something wrong, we can add some small penalties or some larger ones, in case of, of greater things. So from a security perspective, it kind of helps us bound the actions of the actors who like create the consensus on the network. And that just helps us like fine tune kind of the security of the network somewhere. And then the last minute, around kind of scalability, the merge itself doesn't scale the theory. I'm just like a big misconception. Um, but it does kind of lay the infrastructure that we can use to then scale a theorem in the future. So like the way we, we think about scaling a theorem is using all these layer two solutions that exist today. They need to publish all the data to the network. And that's relatively expensive to do today. So we hope in the future to add kind of different layers to a theorem, kind of a data layer where people can post can post data They're for their tos. And having this validators already kind of validating information about blocks, allows us to eventually kind of add their add to their duties validating this data. So yeah, that's pretty much it at a high level for users, smart contracts, everything should be smooth for the network itself, we get much better sustainability, better security. And it kind of lays the groundwork for all of this scalability work.

Pooja Ranjan  2:25:26  
Thanks. Thank you. Thank you, Tim. That was quite nice overview. So I guess the microphone issue has been resolved.

sassal  2:25:36  
Yeah. Metallica, you you good to go.

Vitalik  2:25:38  
Yeah, I finally have unmute permissions. And I use them. So amazing. Awesome. Yeah. Great. Great. So why proof of stake? Right? I think so proof of stake has obviously been a dream for the theory of ecosystems, that's pretty much the beginning. Right. So we started the proof of stake research with that blog post on SlideShare back in January 2014. And then kept going through proof of stake L. algorithms of different kinds can eventually figure it out, you know, the nuances around weak subjectivity, that started researching this, like BFT style of consensus, and over the next couple of years, eventually came to having things like Casper FFG, and all of the various ideas around CVC. And to the current plan, like started to solidify sometime around 2018. And I've been Oh, finally, here we are. So the motivations that we had for proof of stake, I think there's a few of them. I mean, one is, at the big one, obviously, it's just proof of work is very expensive, right? Like proof of work basically involves the people maintaining the consensus of the network, proving that they have read more resources that an attacker can have by like, basically, those resources being these big specialised computing boxes, that they that keep running 24/7 and doing verifiable calculations with up to 84. Seven, just to keep proving to the network that those computers exist. And, like, you can see how that architecture is sort of credibly neutral, and permissionless, to answer all of those things, but at the same time, it's like, basically, the most expensive possible way to deal with the fact that it's trying to do and proof of stake. Sometimes I used to use the metaphor of virtual mining, where basically, it's like, instead of having a miner in the real world consuming real electricity, it's almost like what you deposit, the Ethereum network simulates a virtual miner. And it's good, it's the same sort of process, you put in capital, and that capital turns into a sub share of the network and you get a right to participate in the network. As a validator gets it produced some percentage of the blocks, but it all happens in a simulated way without requiring any actual or resource expenditure. So it's both better for the environment as well as I guess like other non environmental externalities, like how proof of work, just best says massively increased prices for GPUs and made a bunch of gamers I agree, hands up proof of stake wala Zhu mo pretty much had the exact opposite. And they'll probably even have a flood of cheap GPUs for some time. But also, it is cheaper for the theory of ecosystem itself. And that comes through in the form of not having to have 5 million coins every year of issuance, right? So proof of work requires about 5 million coins every year of issuance with proof of stake the issuance is somewhere between

Yes, real technically zero and 2 million coins. But in practice, it's, I think, at about six 700,000 coins every year today. So it's much less than 5 million. And even that that is issuance that is accessible to you as an ether holder, if you decide to stake your eath right, so it all I gotta say so within the ecosystem. So those are the efficiency benefits, right? So good for the environment, it's gonna keep the resources inside of the ecosystem. It's also has a bunch of different side benefits, right? So censorship, resistance is an important one, right? Like proof of work by Digg is something that takes up like huge amounts of electricity, it's relatively easy to detect if people were observing, it's actually good, but proof of stake or you know, just to be on a laptop somewhere, and that's as easy to hide as anything. It is more secure in a bunch of ways, right? So there's this concept of economic finality where reverting even a single block takes a A bunch of like, requires a third of validators to get slashed once that block gets finalised, and even attacks that are not kind of 100% provable, so don't think it's like censorship attacks, there are base, a lot of those can be responded to by key beat by the community with a community organised soft work, where you know what one of the things he could do with proof of stake is like, you can basically have this a soft fork where only the people who participated in the attack would get kicked out of the validator set and, you know, lose part of their deposits. But But everyone who is in DOD participated, the attack would not, whereas in proof of work, you you can sort of your only option is to change the proof of work algorithm, which just like punishes everyone. And that requires a hard fork. And it's much more like intrusive, it'd be usable in a bunch of ways. So and then finally, a proof of steak also lays the groundwork for scalability, because it gives us these validators will validate our slots, and makes it easy for us to add other tasks students, which would include validating sharted data that joy. So I think like to summarise that one of the ways that I think about this in a more philosophical way is like, proof of work is based on the laws of physics. And so you sort of have to work with the world as it is right? You have to work with, you know, electricity as it as hardware as it is, what computers are, as it is, whereas because proof of stake is virtualized in this way, it's basically letting us create a simulated universe that has its own laws of physics. And that just gives the US as protocol developers a lot more freedom to optimise the system around actually having all of the different security properties that we want, right. And, you know, if he wants it, the system to have a particular security guarantee, and then like, often there is a way to modify the Emperor staking mechanism to also achieve it. So it's just, you know, much more flexible and it shows through and then the efficiency adds a the security of the network. Awesome.

sassal  2:32:10  
Thank you very much for that overview. As Imran can say, there are plenty of reasons to be excited about proof of stake and how excited you have italic. I mean, you've got to be ecstatic at this point in time, right?

Vitalik  2:32:22  
Yeah, no, I am absolutely excited to be exited from the proof of work era.

sassal  2:32:30  
Yep, yep. Awesome. Awesome. Well, thank you for that. All right. I'll pass it on to David now to introduce our next our next topic.

David Hoffman  2:32:36  
Yeah, coming up next, Jonathan man has sung a song sang a song every single day for over 5000 days. Now. He's recently past 5000. And of course, today is yet another day. So there's yet another song. John, can you explain the song that's coming up next for us?

Jonathan Mann  2:32:53  
Yeah. Thanks, David. Thanks so much. I'm super honoured to be here. Thank you all so much for having me. So as David mentioned, I write a song a day. And in that capacity, because I'm a total nerd starting, like last May in May of 2021. I just started like writing songs documenting the transition that we are now that is now upon us. So the first one I did was about VIP 1559. And I've written songs about every single stage. And the song that we're about to hear now is the final song in this series, because we're here now. And I got on a call with Tim Bayko. And he sort of took me through that he told me this. So there's the sort of story that ebbs and flows of how we got here today. And that's what I tried to put into this song I wanted to make like a little narrative about how how it felt to be a dev working on this thing, and the highs and the lows and you know, tuning out the noise and all that kind of stuff. So I'm super excited to share with you it's called pandas are not known for running. And again for the folks on Zoom if you want to watch you gotta watch on the YouTube. Let's roll it I'm super excited. Let's hear it here with you, it's called pandas are not known for running. And again for the folks on Zoom if you want to watch you gotta watch on the

Unknown Speaker  2:34:29  
big dream some of us are not known for running when something was too many mistakes. Slowly we moved down by the lake with the beacons and chains in Canada.

Unknown Speaker  2:34:54  
Where Allah this was born of Canada. Rustic cottages were out So we took out the chain and we turned it we took all the fees and we burned it hey man I think we earned it panda bear has been turned saying carbon footprint is saying

Unknown Speaker  2:35:38  
choice we had to be rude with a voice that said that the founder has no leg to stand on we did

Unknown Speaker  2:35:55  
down in Greece very under stress out on the beach and defending the pieces and no we carried on we carried on you know those voices never stopped you know they said it was would never be common. But see the debugging and pandas are not known for Ron barons can churn bursts branches

superphiz  2:36:38  
that's why we're seeing All right, great. All right. I'm just checking to see if Justin Drake is here. Justin, are

you with us? Is it is it he in Boulder? No. Oh, someone mentioned that was a joke.

Okay, no sweat. We can pass over that for now and get back to Justin. And so Anthony, I'm gonna pass it to you my friend. Yep.

sassal  2:37:59  
So next thing that we want to discuss is client diversity. Now this is something that many people may have heard of already. It basically describes the, the aspect that we have within Aetherium we have multiple clients that can be run on the network. There is a bunch of them on both execution layer and consensus layer side it is very important to network health, decentralisation and security. So we're going to have Pooja run us through you know why a client diversity can be a problem and you know, when it's when it's and it's bad state. And you know, how do we overcome that and what a good state looks like to you, Pooja?

Pooja Ranjan  2:38:32  
Thank you. Thank you, Anthony. Yes, climb diversity are another important topic of consideration along with the upgrade of the existing climb notes. I know we cannot just solve the issue next five minute, but I would like to take a few minutes and maybe share my thoughts on the topic would quickly like to share a presentation and walk us through? Like, how do we can overcome the problem of client diversity. As on the screen, you're seeing currently two charts one for the execution clients and run for the consensus client. red yellow green charts are generally self explanatory. But here, we see that red is mostly on the execution side. Let's see why is it for proof of work we were considering that the client adoption should not be over 50% to avoid a 51% attack and everything else. So get it's certainly not in a very good position. And there is another major reason for that is like if there's anything goes wrong with get a bigger section of the client may go down. But on the other side, if you can look into the consensus client charter, you see the prism. It's not over 50% But still it is in yellow, not in green. That's because when we come up with the beacon chain or the consensus layer, the consensus is made over are turning over two thirds of participation and two thirds of voting. Here it is over 33%. And that's the reason why we have marked it as yellow not in the green. Now that we are switching to proof of steak today, the requirement has changed. And we will be seeing like, why do we need client diversity? That is one of the biggest questions that may come to everyone's mind when we are looking into these shot. Probably we partially answered the most common question because we know there are major points of having a diversified distribution of clients for obvious reason, network security is one of the biggest reason and there are other advantages of having this diversity when we are testing any upgrade or testing any protocol to be launched. On the main net, it has an identifying consensus bug. With the proof of stake, there are other incentives associated with us taking and also helps with finality. Definitely having multiple client options for Node running is a strength of community. While eel clients diversity looks worse on chart, which is and most of us may know that this has not been the case forever. But at times when parity and open it helium stop to their like they will not contribute any more, they will only fear client options available for mining, I consider that as one of the major reason for having more clients to work this side. However, there were more clients coming up until now less availability of proper documentation of clients can be one of the reasons which may not be true as of now. And we are hoping that things are not going to be the same, we will see a lot of changes coming up. So be ready for the changes with the merge upgrade. Did you know we have multiple options for you to run a client node. For execution layer, we are having eight client nodes which will be available post merge for you to pick up to run an Aetherium node. And also on the consensus side. The number is no less it is six clients available for you to pick up a Node running option or maybe become a validator for Aetherium blockchain. If you were not aware of any of the clients shared in the earlier slides, or you want to know more about that, or maybe about your favourite clients feature what's coming up, check out the new your client series that's on Eden cat herders YouTube

you probably have this question in the mind by now like how as an individual or an institution, you can make a difference? Well, if you are a solo staker or solo node runner, you will want to pick up a client that suits your hardware requirements having an ELC l combination that you think will be easier for Node running with minimal setup. However, we do have support from the client team available. And if you are a staking pool or representing a staking pool, you must consider running more than one client. If running only one client node then it is highly recommended to have it not the major major client like the client which is having the largest network share. I have added a couple of charts here for people's reference like we can see when it comes to staking and when it comes to rewarding and punishment as well. Slashing can be painful and rewarding at the same time depending upon which side of the Node running you are when you're running a majority client. And if slashing happens, the pain metres show that's very high paying it is very high. But if you are running a minority client, definitely you are getting more reward. Similarly, the chart on the right side it shows off some of the bigger pools and what combinations client distribution they are having as well, this is amazing that we are moving towards much and client diversity is definitely crucial. Join us in building a resilient Aetherium Network.

sassal  2:44:44  
Thank you. Awesome. Thank you, Peter. That was great. I hope everyone got a lot out of that claim. Diversity is definitely critical and important to Aetherium fizz do we have Justin Drake.

superphiz  2:44:54  
We do. Also welcome Justin.

Justin Drake  2:44:58  
Hi everyone. Yes, I'm here.

superphiz  2:45:00  
So glad to have you. Oh, I was gonna interest introduce you. So go to Drake is absolutely has become one of my favourite Aetherium researchers, if you've ever listened to him, he's on bank lists frequently. And he, he speaks so much truth. And so tonight we're gonna have Justin talk to us about the energy efficiency or energy use reduction in the new Aetherium proof of stake network. So take it away, Justin.

Justin Drake  2:45:31  
Yeah, for sure. So, you know, at a high level, we're going to be reducing the energy consumption of the whole world by roughly 0.2%. So a fan right now is consuming 0.2% Of all the electricity that is produced, Bitcoin is on the order of 0.5%. And I can't think of a single technological innovation that reduces worldwide, you know, electricity consumption, as much as the move to proof of steak does. And one of the really cool things about this electricity reduction is that the mainstream understands, it's something that's so obviously good. You know, there's so many advantages to the merge. But things like the security improvements, things like the military improvements are much, much, much harder to understand. So I think, as a community, we shouldn't be shy. And we should, we really should be proud of this achievement that we've unlocked. And as Tim Baker said, you know, it's not just about the 0.2% of all the electricity of the world that we're consuming. It's also the fact that we can't scale as a network, we want to become the settlement layer for the Internet of value, we need to grow to trillions of dollars, to have very high economic security and economic bandwidth. And we can't go consuming 2% 20% 50% of all the world's electricity produced. Now, the other thing that I want to highlight in this discussion of electricity consumption is that it's only one side of the coin. The other side of the coin is the hardware. And this is always very much overlooked. And you know, especially from Bitcoiners, who try and talk about the the energy consumption being largely stranded energy green energy, which may or may not be true, but we know for sure that the Asics the hardware is not green, it's, it's usually hardware that depreciates fairly fast, that is single use in the case of Bitcoin, and that ends up in a dump. And building ASICs is very resource intensive, especially the leading node ASICs, like three nanometer or five nanometer that are used to build these, these pieces of hardware, it consumes lots of water, etc. Now in the case of Ethereum, there's millions of GPUs specifically there used to mine, somewhere between two and 20 million. Basically, it depends on what type of GPU is being used to mine. But what we should expect to happen is these minutes GPUs to enter the market, and that to lead to a relief in the price of GPUs, for gamers. So I guess it's good news all around. Maybe except for for the miners.

superphiz  2:48:36  
Wow, that is so great. Yeah, there are so many benefits that come from this shift to proof of stake to so many stakeholders. I would like to say, you know, no one's losing out. But you know, people who are GPU mining, this is hard for them. And I hope they choose to join us with proof of steak, but it's so beneficial to everyone else. Thanks, Justin for sharing.

sassal  2:49:01  
Thank you. Awesome. Well, the next topic, I think, is probably the most important one, the reason we're all in Aetherium. decentralisation, it is critical to Aetherium. It is what we're all about. And who better to talk about it, then someone that I really respect in the ecosystem. And that is all about decentralisation super fears himself. So go ahead is take the floor.

superphiz  2:49:22  
Yeah, so I'm really excited to talk about centralization. And I'm going to talk really fast because I think we have about 10 minutes before the merge itself and hopefully everybody's getting really excited. We're looking forward to hearing from Danny as we go into the merge. But I want to talk about something that is so incredibly important to our entire network. And that is that we become and maintain our decision decentralisation as a network. People have this idea that you need to that we need to stake more coins on the theory of proof of stake network. We don't actually need to stake more coins. That is not something that that will inherently contribute to our success. But what will contribute to our success are people who stake in decentralised ways and that is solo staking from home. That is identifying trustless open source decentralised staking pools and staking with those. There's this, this concept of minimal decentralisation being enough for Aetherium to succeed, but it's not. We have to have credible decentralisation. That means that we are so decentralised that nation states that corporations trust our network enough to act on them. And if we rely on a few service providers to stake our coins for us, then we don't have a decentralised network we have. We have a tool that that maybe people are trying to extract value from, but we don't have a valuable decentralised network. And that's what we need to build for. If you want to stake with Aetherium, I encourage you not to look for the cheapest way to stake. And the reason is the cheapest way that you stake may erode the value of the Ethereum network so that your coins are worth less in 10 years. But if you're staking in ways that bring value to the network, like staking from home, you're actually bringing more value to your own coins. And so I really believe that's a better investment for the long term. I would love for everyone to check out each sunshine.com it is a reflection of our current decentralisation. And you're going to find there that it's not sunny. It's not perfect. We do have weaknesses, but as a community Aetherium, identifies, embraces and improves our weaknesses. And that's why I'm here because we know that we can improve and we can do better. And I really hope you'll join me in that that pursuit. So yeah, that is decentralisation. It's something that I'm never going to stop talking about. And I hope you'll join me in that struggle.

sassal  2:52:11  
Yeah, it can be a struggle sometimes right to kind of, I guess, like, explain the benefits of decentralisation why it's so important. But thank you for yours for that. I know we're, we don't have much time here. But we're going to pass it to David now to introduce the next topic.

David Hoffman  2:52:25  
Yeah, the next topic, it's actually getting down to the next topic is being the merge itself, we are about eight minutes away, there are 3433 blocks and counting. And so we're going to have to actually pass it to some of the experts in the room here, because we're getting down to it. It's almost merge time. And for a lot of the people that like don't know what's going on under the scene, once we emerge is going to be kind of confusing. And so what we need to look at how are we going to vet this? What are we going to look at on the other side, so I'm going to pass it off to Danny Ryan, to tell us what he is looking at and what other core Devs are looking at, to be informed as to what the murder? What's the state of the merge is after we actually hit that block number, that TTD number? Danny, are you with us?

Unknown Speaker  2:53:10  
Yo, what's up Danny? Do we have a screen share some logs and stuff and some dashboards?

superphiz  2:53:21  
Yeah, somebody's able to share screen. We thought you were going to express those to us verbally?

Unknown Speaker  2:53:27  
I am I can I can do it all verbally. I know. I know. Right? Okay. So I think we kind of got the gist, the proof of work chain exists, the beacon chain is watching and waiting for this terminal number, at which point, the first block on the proof of work chain that meets or exceeds this number, the validator, say, Okay, I'm ready, and they take over. And so at this point, you know, they're all watching, they're all waiting, that is the point at which the first proof of steak merged block will be built. So that's, that's kind of, I'm gonna go through kind of the sequence of stuff that we we hope to see the sequence of stuff that might be some some red flags, we might start digging in that kind of stuff. So once you that first block that the terminals have difficulty hit that first proof of stake block, then that proof of stake mechanism not only builds blocks, but validators send attestations. So these these little messages that they say, This is what I see, this is what I see, this is the head of the chain, you know, this is my view of reality. And so right after we get that first block, we also start getting out to stations. And so in each block at two stations from prior blocks, and prior slots are included. So we hope to see over the course of the first epoch which is 32 slots, which is about six minutes, we hope to see many blocks optimally we'll see 32 You know, if we see 30 or more than we're like, we're golden. If we see a bit of a precipitous drop something like 25 in that range, we're gonna say, okay, something's looking a little bit weird. We're gonna be digging in. But that's going to be one of our first indicators is that first epoch? Do we have many blocks? And do we have similar percentage of attestation. So, you know, if we're 90 plus percent on the blocks and the other stations in that range, we're going to be very happy. There's also this thing each each block the sync committee, this is also an indicator that similarly we want to see in that 90 plus percent range. So after the merge block can happen anywhere inside of an epoch. So we want to see the finishing of that epoch and then the finishing of the next epoch. If we have over two thirds participation, we're going to call that justified, right? And so if we look at one of these panels, it says epoch and we see how finalised happens and justified happens that we see pretty much you see an epoch is is justified, then you see an epoch is finalised. So after that like six to nine minutes, we're going to see if we have two thirds participation, we're going to see it justified. And then after the next epoch, we're going to see it finalised. So this process is going to take anywhere from 12 to 18 minutes, depending on where that terminal block lands. So let's see some of the other stuff that in these panels that we might be looking for. So on some of the dashboards, we're gonna see participation, we're gonna see kind of the slots continue to increase, we really want to see these these epochs increase, that consensus mechanism is going to switch from proof of work proof of stake, ideally. And then we also watch logs. So nodes, the implementation, the software, they spit out what what they're seeing, you know, they pretty much say like, Hey, I got a new block Hey, this that, you know, and it's not, it's not, it looks complicated. It's too big scary at first. But you know, a lot of this is just human language, it says ready for the merge and then says terminal tool, difficulty, that kind of stuff. So rewatching logs, and one of the exciting things is when you see that first block, pretty much I think all the all the clients have a nice ASCII panda artwork displayed. So that'll be kind of our first exciting indication. We also watch block explorers, this is kind of a a visual representation of the state of blogs of what's going on here. So this you know, this beacon chain block explorer, this is an open source explorers is really cool. We get to see live as blocks come in, through this sequence. We also get a little bit of indication when we're watching or watching the epochs justify so you get this nice visual representation as well. So that's pretty much what I'm going to be watching for, you know, really, we want to see some of these really positive indicators and then we want to see that finality once we see finalisation. We can take the breath breathe easy, then we'll be monitoring you know obviously the next couple hours for next couple weeks and honestly we're monitoring all the time. So I think we're about two minutes till so I will turn it back over to you all

David Hoffman  2:57:47  
Wow two minutes till that is I have finally started to get the butterflies that is pretty crazy. Okay, what do we need to be looking at on the screen here since we're about to like watch the moment we this is what's happening next here are we waiting for the definitely

Unknown Speaker  2:58:01  
wants some panda logs

David Hoffman  2:58:07  
I'm a snack individual. So this is it. Howard is waiting for the pandas show up. This is the moment of truth. Come on. Now. Let's go. Let's go.

superphiz  2:58:23  
Hey, we're planning the merge call. Make sure we have something to say when we're waiting in these times. Hi.

Unknown Speaker  2:58:32  
I'm going to give a shout out to eat finance. I love y'all Big hugs from Kansas City. That's all I got to say right now. I'm gonna go on mute. Love y'all

superphiz  2:58:41  
Glad to have you Jeremiah. You're good man

Hey, Danny went merch

it's never gone now.

David Hoffman  2:58:56  
It's now it's literally right now.

Unknown Speaker  2:58:58  
Devon quadrillion difficulty away amount of times I've been asked this question, but it is finally. Now.

superphiz  2:59:06  
The new question is going to be did it ever happen? I got pandas FiOS activated.

Jonathan Mann  2:59:11  
Pandas.

Unknown Speaker  2:59:12  
Come on to come on now. Let's go. Let's go. And hey,

superphiz  2:59:26  
I built on it. Yay. So everyone, we knew this would happen. We knew that we would get this far. There's nothing contentious yet. The next 13 minutes are the nail biting times. So now it gets fun.

Unknown Speaker  2:59:41  
Come on now. All right. I'm eating black licorice for eath finance, and I'm gonna drink some love drink scotch and a little bit of beet juice.

sassal  2:59:50  
The merge is here. I've been waiting to say that for so long after saying the merge is coming for years. It's

Jonathan Mann  2:59:59  
still Building a single chain, we

David Hoffman  3:00:03  
we are not going to merge we have merged.

superphiz  3:00:07  
Now let's finalise

Unknown Speaker  3:00:09  
Okay, so I'm watching, I'm watching logs, and I've seen a block in every slot since the pandas, which is a very good sign. So we're, you know, we're like six slots in, and I think we're at 100% Block rate. So that's, that's implying that we have a very high percentage of validators online connected and running software that works. We can

superphiz  3:00:31  
also see transactions being included into the beacon chain right now.

David Hoffman  3:00:38  
Kind of want to go make a transaction just to make my transaction

superphiz  3:00:42  
transact or on the on the main net I'm gonna send gas is 100 100 Grey right? Now let me get an ens. Here. Wait, what's the what's the gas? What's the

David Hoffman  3:00:51  
gas 100 100.

Unknown Speaker  3:00:53  
So you're saying there is life on Mars, we got life on Mars been validated.

superphiz  3:01:01  
Benjamin, the first DNS I recognise. So because I'm so eager to be a part of this, I'm gonna send you a transaction

Unknown Speaker  3:01:09  
100% of blocks. So far, we've a block of really good news.

superphiz  3:01:13  
And

Jonathan Mann  3:01:15  
the good news is we've included enough added stations to justify this epoch already, that's looking like participation is actually going up to about where it was. It's the next epoch that really counts. But this one is good. So I'm

Unknown Speaker  3:01:31  
gonna click on a block and look at the sink committee participation.

superphiz  3:01:37  
And we're all excited. Immediately a surprise. We had every expectation that this would unfold this way, but it's still very exciting to see it unfold in reality.

Unknown Speaker  3:01:50  
Let's go. Let's go. Right now. I was told we can do sound effects. So I'm not so I'm going to just say that everybody should unmute and at least start to clap. Slow clap a little bit, you know, you know, we don't have to go all in. We don't have to, you know, we can just like enjoy the moment.

superphiz  3:02:13  
So for anybody who isn't aware of this yet, GPU miners on Aetherium are no longer active. If, if you're mining a GPU miner, on the Ethereum proof of work network, nothing is happening. You cannot well, you can mined blocks, but they will not be on the Ethereum network.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:32  
Attention GPU miners, you have a huge future in AI renderings.

David Hoffman  3:02:38  
Your watch has ended

superphiz  3:02:41  
you know, but thank you. I mean, I never want to Let's appreciate all the GPU miners did for us they Yes,

Unknown Speaker  3:02:48  
absolutely. 100% Absolutely. A lot of us all did that thing. I mean, we all did. And I mean,

superphiz  3:02:55  
I eagerly welcome GPU miners to come to proof of stake the network has done a lot for you you're a part of us join us and proof of stake.

Unknown Speaker  3:03:06  
So we've seen we've seen all blocks so far every slot has had a block so we want to see you know, we want to see seven six justified. What? Yeah, but it happened partway through the epoch.

superphiz  3:03:23  
Okay happened. No, no, I'm just I'm just impressed that we have zero misses. Like you know, we all kind of expected to have a few missed slots we just kind of assumed it and to have zero Miss loss is impressive. So most like vitality microphone work the whole time

Vitalik  3:03:49  
it's my microphone working this time.

superphiz  3:03:51  
Yes. Hey.

Unknown Speaker  3:03:54  
Come on, man. Preach

Justin Drake  3:03:59  
Another interesting note is that the supply has peaked at the merge and if you go to ultrasound dot money you'll see that since the merge we've gone down by 31 If so far, the website

David Hoffman  3:04:12  
stationary block yet

Justin Drake  3:04:15  
we may have had I can have a look. No and it's like

David Hoffman  3:04:19  
100 Grey Yeah. 100 great bass price.

Justin Drake  3:04:23  
The website is a little unstable because we have 10,000 current visitors roughly. I'm one of them too. So if you're missing on the fun there's

Unknown Speaker  3:04:34  
1000 people watching this Hello 41,000 People merging so the slot the slot visual on Beacon chain is lagging I'm still watching logs and I think we're at 100% Block rate for all of these slots. So sir, again, some of our some of the visualizers sometimes get out A whack, but the the nodes are true.

superphiz  3:05:03  
That's one of the things that I mentioned in the beginning, we don't want you to take away what you see here and say, Well, you know, I see three Mr. Blocks. That's that's not the interpretation that, as Danny says, they have better. Better logs then then this visualizer, which is being hugged by a lot of people. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:05:26  
how many minutes are left in this epoch? Halfway through this epoch, okay, how many minutes are in an epoch? Again, it was something as easy

Unknown Speaker  3:05:39  
as 32 slots in an epoch. And we'll even know, because of the high percentage will probably know that justification is going to happen. And you know, two thirds away in the epoch. Gotcha.

superphiz  3:05:50  
I want to shout out 22 or 23. Yeah, I really appreciate bit fly for developing beacon chain. It's an awesome product. Don't refresh that because I didn't clawfoot Cloudflare when I refresh, so it's getting hooked. But we're there and like, this is happening. Yeah, there were like

Unknown Speaker  3:06:12  
4000 people on the front page and

superphiz  3:06:19  
congratulations, Danny.

David Hoffman  3:06:20  
Yeah. Congratulations, Danny, Tim, every is so awesome.

sassal  3:06:25  
This incredible,

Unknown Speaker  3:06:27  
like graduation level over 100 people, everyone.

superphiz  3:06:29  
Everyone who has spent so much time and all of the people on this call have poured their heart and soul in it, regardless of what your role is. You know, it's not just developers. It's not just researchers, it's community it's home users, it's people who have a commitment to make this network real so thank you guys so much for sticking with it like it's paying off right now.

I'm going to just be a

Unknown Speaker  3:06:59  
dead horse as they say I think we've 100% of the slots of blocks so far. That's like this is going as well as it could so far, Tim, Tim wanted me to make sure I said so far

Unknown Speaker  3:07:13  
well so far let me say thank you to all the client teams for all their excellent work I mean, I'm just looking at my my logs here and everything is just it's just amazing. It's perfect. So really well done to all the guys who put all the guys and girls who put software together for this stuff. Fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  3:07:31  
Is that some air? It is some air Hello Danny shout out to those those guides holy shit like you've those guides have carried the solo staking community. I use those guides religiously. Thank

Jonathan Mann  3:07:44  
you just interrupt slot 23 We have enough votes to add to justify this epoch.

Unknown Speaker  3:07:51  
Okay, so we've technically justified the the merge transition block. So we're we're 6.4 minutes away assuming continual optimal conditions of finalising this thing.

Unknown Speaker  3:08:10  
So I like to say thank you to everyone on Discord that helps each other out on Discord. It's a big help to us and developers. So if you're one of those people on Discord that helps each other out, then thank you, you made it happen. Thanks,

David Hoffman  3:08:23  
Danny, can you really just double down on what it means for this to get finalised? Why is that significant?

Unknown Speaker  3:08:30  
So in proof of stake, we have this this notion of economic finality. In proof of work technically, you can theoretically have reorg to any depth, add economic finality and proof of stake to have a conflicting chain that looks just as good you have to actually burn at least 1/3 of all the state capital, which is quite a bit of money these days. And so really, what it does is it locks in these chain segments. So at that block that becomes finalised and anything that came before it, you won't have that reversion. And so, finalising the merge transition is really kind of that symbol of like, you cannot revert you know, it's it's the stamp, it's the the economic certification that we're firmly in proof of stake.

David Hoffman  3:09:18  
So once we are finalised we are are locking in economically with the full weight of theory and proof of stake theory and proof of stake.

Unknown Speaker  3:09:27  
Absolutely yes, TIG

sassal  3:09:31  
see sick that's an understatement. Sick.

Unknown Speaker  3:09:35  
Sick should be like a like the underlined word.

Unknown Speaker  3:09:40  
Yeah. Hey, metallic are you still here? Maybe he won't he left after look.

Unknown Speaker  3:09:49  
So we've missed one slot if we've missed so far, which is normal given you know, there's like a 98 99% participation rate you do miss slots every once in a while. So we've missed one out of the last few epochs, which I think is very normal.

Unknown Speaker  3:10:03  
So as we reach the final few minutes, I had a question. So metallic, everyone's like, super, super excited right now. And like, really motivated and really loving a theory of in the community. Like, do you have like a message for what people should do with that energy?

Vitalik  3:10:21  
Have you ever hear like, I have lots of messages, that's the thing, right? Like, I think, you know, this is the the first step in if areas, big journey toward being a very, very mature system, and there's still steps to go, we still have to scale, we still have to fix privacy, we still have to make the make the tech actually, I guess, secure for regular users and all of this stuff. And whenever I think we all just, we all need to work hard and do our part to make all of those other things happen as well. So I mean, I'm, you know, like, to me the words just like symbolises the difference between. Now I'm the sort of early stage Aetherium. And, you know, the Ethereum we've always wanted early stage Aetherium to become so let's go into build out all of the other parts of that ecosystem and turn Aetherium into being what we want it to be.

Unknown Speaker  3:11:26  
Awesome. Just keep building.

superphiz  3:11:32  
It's worth noting, we've lost about 4% of validators, which my honest estimate was that we could lose 10 to 20% of validators going down to 95% participation is incredible. We have so much headroom there. And it's likely that in the next hours, those those 4% of offline validators will

correct their systems. Super fees, why do you think we lose people because of the execution client missing? You know, it has been

misconfigured in the past, I, you know, I wouldn't be surprised, have we require we require JW? T secret? Since Bellatrix. Right? So that that wouldn't explain it. If

Unknown Speaker  3:12:26  
it's hard to know, I mean, it could be it could be some sort of intermittent failure with some sort of client pair that we just don't have good visibility on at this point. Or, or it could be mis configuration or all sorts of stuff. And, again, if this is the kind of thing where minus 4% is pretty damn good, you know, pretty, pretty near optimal as saying, if anything about 90% I think everyone's florid here. So but that's, you know, it's an indication that there's a little bit of digging to do over the next couple of days, but with with client diversity, especially with a kind of the node pairings across the consensus layer and execution layer. You can have intermittent failures here and there and still have a resilient network. So

Unknown Speaker  3:13:09  
that's what we're observing.

superphiz  3:13:11  
Am I correct that we're about 12 slots before potential finalisation and?

Unknown Speaker  3:13:16  
Three because because we know if we're getting a high inclusion rate, we know before we get to the epoch boundary that we're going to finalise which is it's called an unrealized finalisation. But it will in fact be realised thus we can celebrate at that point.

superphiz  3:13:33  
We have to

Vitalik  3:13:36  
we have to wait another epoch or was that or is that the previous Oh, so

Unknown Speaker  3:13:39  
we've done that we've went through the partial epoch then justified and we're about to finalise How are we doing Aditya? One more slot.

superphiz  3:13:53  
What? So in a matter of seconds, we will know that we finalised the theory and proof of stake

Unknown Speaker  3:14:02  
we have it we have it we have it confirmed

superphiz  3:14:11  
that is so awesome. Come on we'll see you again. Mr. F join us he's the first block proposer on the beacon chain from December 1 2020. So that was quite an exciting time. But I get that date, right.

Unknown Speaker  3:14:38  
What's our what's our transition block graffiti. Anything interesting. Come in there.

superphiz  3:14:43  
Mr. F was here has to be right.

Unknown Speaker  3:14:53  
That's the camera from the theory and foundation that you all are hearing. There's a tonne of people at the Ethereum Foundation office. You Elon right now and there's a camera being shown around.

superphiz  3:15:02  
Yeah, just imagine hundreds of people working on this for the past four years and researching for three years before that. This is just an incredible feat. We we did a hot swap of the Etherium network from proof of work to proof of steak didn't lose the transaction didn't pause the network. home users, people using the network will have no idea that anything has changed. But everything has changed. We did

Unknown Speaker  3:15:33  
it live.

superphiz  3:15:35  
We didn't live we should soon know the participation rate for a 76 Now 96.03% which has been raid on 876 Happy Mother's Day guys. Bye bye. I have to go pick up my kid.

Unknown Speaker  3:16:10  
The Battle of tears

superphiz  3:16:12  
while of terrorists welcome Glad You Came this is amazing,

Pooja Ranjan  3:16:25  
like absolutely sensational. As Danny said that we made it live like it helium has made history today. With the becoming billion dollar blockchain Performing a Successful network upgrade at this scale that will lie congratulation to client team. Definitely I would like to congratulate all the miners who helped us achieve the date of 15. September. I remember when it was first announced by Tim and meeting that okay, we are going to have the merge in mid of September most of the news published at like 15, September, we are going to get merged and see today is that in September Nice timing.

superphiz  3:17:07  
So awesome. It's worth noting, you know, sometimes there's a need to explain away or describe something that that wasn't optimal. But as far as I'm aware, as far as I can tell from this stream, everything was absolutely optimal. So that's just great. Like, I actually joked, you know, it happened in the middle of the night, so we can fix it before morning if we have to. But it's it's perfect, everything's great. So this, this is it's time to wrap up our call. And so just to summarise in two seconds, what has happened. We began this night a couple hours ago as a proof of stake network with 1000s of people around the world mining Aetherium with their GPUs, about five minutes ago, while I'm sorry, actually, about 13 minutes ago, the entire network shifted to proof of steak now relying on validators with 32 ether deposits to guarantee the network. And one of the biggest benefits of that is the 99.98% power reduction. So that is our win. That's why we're so excited, and so proud of everyone involved. So that does wrap up our call. We're going to move into some closing stuff now and I'd like to introduce Patricio worth halter. I hope on your screen right now you're seeing the poet art Canvas for the past couple of hours, pixel droppers, people in the community who hold these proof of attendance protocol, pixels have been participating. And that project is is led by Patricia Werth halter, and he has been a tremendously positive influence in our community, supporting what we do supporting, staking, supporting decentralisation. And welcome Patricia, tell us what's on your mind today.

Unknown Speaker  3:19:08  
That's plenty of stuff on my mind. This has been so long in the making. But let's make this quick. So we wrap up nicely. We've done this previously full combat. I don't think we ever had so many people. Not only systems didn't crash, we created a pretty unique piece of art impove we are creating an ecosystem for the preservation of memories. And for many of us, this may be their most precious memory we will create in a long time. I don't think anyone here now, we have developed a way for anyone who has participated in Columbus to create a time lapse of the reason they weren't painting. So then you can have an NFT of whatever you were doing. While on the call. I was talking to my very good friend and maybe calling him a fringe fanatic. means travel. Romani storm, and I was helping Roman showing the canvas, he's not much of a pull up fun and create his safe tornato cash that you will get to see. And whenever we are able to mean an NFT of the process of Roman placing pixels, that's going to be an awesome piece of art. And last thing that nobody has mentioned, this has been so long in the making, we have worked so hard that it kind of feels like the end of the cycle. But that not only that's not true, it is completely the opposite. This is the beginning of the cycle, only now Aetherium has completed what was promised on the first iteration. And now we have a strong grounds to get to where we are to where we always want it to be. Coming up next, we are going to have next explain how to get the most important part of these days, which is having be here at this time. Next are you around?

nixorokish  3:21:11  
I'm here. So I know that 30,000 people on the YouTube channel are waiting for when pull up. We're here with the poet. So the idea behind the pole app is that we are doing a spam resistance mechanism with Co Op, which is basically you're gonna send $10 Do you have this screen, I can't see it. You're gonna send $10 to stateful dot eath. And this is stateful dot eath is the protocol Guild and the hosts here, East acre bank lists. Daily wire Aetherium cat herders chose this because it's a really appropriate recipient of these funds. So the protocol guild did not request this, we are forcing these funds on them. And the protocol guild is a collective of 119 core Aetherium contributors. And they maintain an on chain registry of members. And this allows the community to help fund and incentivize long term core protocol contributions. They also have a new NFT home of the heart out that you can go and those proceeds also go to core contributors. So donate $10 to stateful dot E. And that can be on any network and it's going to be in di USD see, right? Is that it? Yeah. We can't sit. Do not send

superphiz  3:22:48  
it has to be stable coin. Okay, going back,

nixorokish  3:22:50  
it has to be a stable coin. We're doing die, right USDC. And then staker will come through those and decide who's eligible from those from everybody who donated the $10. And we'll drop a poll up that Delivery link where you will be able to claim your poll up in the next week or two.

superphiz  3:23:20  
Crush shopping for stable coins now.

nixorokish  3:23:26  
Just under another note, we're we think I think $10 is really fair for this poll up only because it is going it is a really important pull up it is the probably the most important part that we've had in a couple of years. It's very, it's akin to like the beacon chain launch poll app. And we will see some farming. And so we want to make this thing that isn't heavily farmed. Yeah, that's

superphiz  3:23:57  
we have no desire to extract from the community. In fact, it is something that we struggle with every day. We want po app to be civil resistant, but also spam resistant. And we don't have true civil resistance yet. We cannot guarantee you are one person claiming Ecolab and so our intermediate step is to be spam resistant. And that way One Person has difficulty claiming 1000s of popups. Rather, we require a what I would say a fair donation to a an ecosystem aligned project in order to receive that Co Op and I'm I'm very happy with this system. Thank you Patrice you for the I found that poll app is an emotionally engaging project for a theory and one of the first emotionally engaging projects so I love it. The slide does. Okay hold on. We can or cannot use these for this safe about youth

donation. I'm seeing both

nixorokish  3:25:07  
go by the slide.

superphiz  3:25:10  
Okay, okay, that's fine. Sorry. I won't get stablecoins. Next, thank you so much for describing the post acquisition process. And how long do people have to make that claim? 24 hours, 24 hours. Perfect. All right. Sounds like we're moving to the q&a section. And so I want to, for everyone who has come, thank you so much. We dearly appreciate your attendance. Today, we're going to move to a q&a section for essentially, for journalists, or for people who want to better interpret the merge, because the most important thing is that we get the story, right. We're very proud of what's going on with Aetherium. And it's so important to us that the story is correct. And we hope that's important to everyone here as well.

So we have a slideshow, and I think that Pooja, Hudson and Nyx are going to review questions. And we know that developers and contributors have a lot going on, but we hope that you'll stay and provide some answers. For those I know, I see a couple of people who I trust so well with these answers. So I'll let you guys take it over.

nixorokish  3:26:39  
And the slideshow is in the East acre discord if you want to go put in questions. So question let's go to the first the most uploaded question first, which which do you see having a higher impact on state distribution after the merge liquid staking with distributed validators like record pool or home staking? I'm going to give that one to this.

superphiz  3:27:05  
Okay, I tuned out just for a minute. And I tuned in when I began when I began to hear that that question was something I'm very interested in. Will you repeat it for me one more time please. Yes,

nixorokish  3:27:17  
which do you see having a higher impact on state distribution after the merge liquid staking with distributed validators like rocket pool or home staking?

superphiz  3:27:25  
Okay, so home staking is the gold standard of staking. The more decentralised the more stakers We can get in homes the more decentralised and robust we are as a network. The second part of that question was about distributed pools like rocket fuel rocket pool actually acts as a decentralised pool because they have over 1400 node operators. And so it's a permissionless system. And anyone who wants to run a rocket pool node can run the same as if they were running a solo node. Now the flip side of that are distributed liquid staking derivative products, those are far less desirable for the protocol because they tend to centralise a lot of eath in a very narrowly controlled environment. And so I think the best thing for the protocol is to avoid distributed or concentrated liquid staking derivatives and rather focus on liquid staking during derivatives that continued decentralising the network rather than putting coins in one place. We don't need a network where all of the coins are in one place or in the hands of a few people. That is, that's false decentralisation. And that's that would essentially be us being dishonest with ourselves about the health of our network. Sorry, I get that. That is my passionate topic. So thanks for alabanza that.

Unknown Speaker  3:28:59  
Hey, go over the pole app address again, just for the listeners.

nixorokish  3:29:06  
The pole app address is stateful dot e STATFU l dot E. If you have a wallet that supports ens, you can just go in and type stateful dot E. If it doesn't recognise that you can go to ether scan.io and type in stateful dot E and it'll give you the address. I'm going to tell you right now it ends in 935. So that's what you that's where you should send the $10.

Unknown Speaker  3:29:36  
So yeah, mix I can take the next question on here and direct it towards someone. So once the merge is live, this is from slide oh, again. What's the largest live should we expect consensus clients like tick who and prism to sort of be solidified and no longer needing updates? And I'll probably repeat the question one more time because it's a longer one. Let's go ahead Ben, could you answer this one? potentially,

Unknown Speaker  3:30:02  
future updates. Sure, we're always evolving. There's a lot to do. The chain is always growing. So we have to optimise for one thing, always keeping on top of performance and making things better. And of course, the Aetherium roadmap never never stops. We have proto dank sharding coming, we have withdrawals coming, we have huge slew of things we want to develop and deliver over the next few years. So we might take a little break for a few weeks, but but for sure the clients will keep evolving. Its prototype

Unknown Speaker  3:30:39  
sharding, something that a CL client is going to have a lot of changes to it to implement. I wasn't aware of that.

Unknown Speaker  3:30:45  
Yeah, for sure. I mean, all of the traffic now happens on the consensus layer. So all of the data is shared and gossip on that layer now. So yeah, we absolutely have to include that.

superphiz  3:30:59  
Awesome.

Vitalik  3:31:00  
Yeah, I think just maybe more generally, in terms of future Ethereum updates, protocols and sharding is definitely consensus layer heavy. Folding sharding is like it is also consensus the layer but it's also like very separate from the rest of the work. Then the Verge is entirely execution layer, any like accounts abstraction EDM object for me, I'd blah blah blah stuff is all execution layer. PPS is probably somewhat weird mix of the two single solid finality is entirely consensus wire. So I think realistically, it is going to be like some 5050 between the two. Awesome, thank

Unknown Speaker  3:31:40  
you, Ben. And thank you metallic. Pooja, do you have a question up and someone that you'd like them to answer?

Pooja Ranjan  3:31:49  
I see a question here in the slideshow. It's like, what is a reasonable expectation for success around liquid staking pools and decentralisation? What practical goals? Should we aim for heading into 2023? I don't know maybe someone from eat steak or or anything?

Unknown Speaker  3:32:11  
Yeah, this is another one that's kind of going over liquid staking and what we should be looking for and kind of an evolution of that, is that right? All

superphiz  3:32:20  
right. Let's see who's

Unknown Speaker  3:32:22  
good. Anyone from eat steak or want to jump on for that or otherwise, we'll throw it to super fists.

superphiz  3:32:27  
So I mean, it is my obsession. Liquid staking tokens are fantastic. They are a way for more people to get involved with the network. But what we need to focus on is that these liquid staking tokens are being good stewards of the network, that they're not just putting all of the coins in one pot and further centralising. So what we need are more staking protocols that operate in a permissionless way to allow node operators to come online and further decentralise the stake. Right now there is one provider that meets the standard. I really look forward to seeing five or six of these providers, because we need several different versions of this liquidity token to continue decentralisation, what a lot of people will say is, if you have one powerful liquidity token, then you can do so much more than defy with it. But in fact, what you can do with that is centralise the network and bring tail risk to the network and risk risk all of our success. So in order for us to be really successful, we need multiple Liquid staking protocols that are trustless decentralised and open source. We need to steer away from liquid staking derivatives who are focused on becoming as large as they can be because of the the concept that that's more powerful in Defy. The goal of staking is not to promote Defy. The goal of staking is to promote the security and the health of the Aetherium network. You got to keep those two goals separate in your mind. So

nixorokish  3:34:24  
one one question that we did see that I can quickly answer is if we have some eath one and hardware wallets like ledger, do we need to do any type of updates? Will there still be eath? One and eath, two wallets. You don't even need to do anything to update eath eath as eath you don't have to do anything. The next question that we have like four different versions of is what else is on the horizon for Aetherium? That is as big as the merge. What are we looking forward to next?

Unknown Speaker  3:34:52  
Yeah, who wants to answer that one? I mean, the tablet if you're still on here, you did that talk recently. There was really good on it.

Vitalik  3:35:00  
Yeah, sure. So I think just to go through the rest of the items on the so on the protocol side, the buckets that I've split for the split things between are the surge diverge, the purge and the splurge, right? So the surge basically is sharding, right to the massive increase in the de facto scalability over the network that will come with the combination of the Ethereum network being able to process much more transit data, because of Proterozoic sharding. And then folding sharding. And roll ups being able to take advantage of that data space to provide a very high level of scalability for lawyers who roll up transactions. So that's a surge of a by the way, remember the surge, the verge of the poor, the purge of this porridge, they're not stages, right, these are all things that are happening in parallel. So then the Verge is the switch to Merkle trees, which will enable stateless clients, so it will be possible to be a validating node with zero or close to zero hard drive usage. Well, realistically, I think it'll be a bit more zero bullets, but significantly less than than today. And it will enable things like validating individual blocks and whatever order you want in whatever order you get them in real ends. Really nice things like that. So that's a lot of benefits from the from the verge, it will also just make it much, much easier to be about to be a validator clients, especially if you combine it with proposer builder separation stuff, then the Purge is basically making the network more efficient by removing the need for the entire Aetherium network to store like all of the different parts of the history. And instead of like history that's older than a certain amount of time will be shifted off to kind of specialised either sub protocols or SR protocols. So this will include like transaction history older than easier receipts older than a year, even just responsibility for being able to interpret Aetherium blocks that have older protocol versions, right. So that are like more than one or two hard forks old. So that new Aetherium clients don't have to support everything from Genesis and they can be simpler. And then the splurge is like the big jumble of everything else. So like to me the big items in there are EVM improvements. You know, there's the EVM object for bad stuff. There's EVM 3d for stuff. There is accounts abstraction and the whole roadmap from there, there is a proposer builder separation, and then there's a big long, kind of laundry list of smaller things. And then I guess you can put this into the merge bucket, even though it's technically not part of the bridge, but it's like a longer term proof of stake. And that's a single swap finality. That's something that we've really increased our priority of recently, just because we've been realising the necessity for further ongoing improvements to the proof of stake mechanism. So that will make our blocks finalised more quickly. It'll make a bunch of things, hopefully simpler in the protocol and easier to verify that everything is secure. So yeah, just a whole bunch of different protocol layer improvements happening. And then at the same time, I think the on the application layer, you know, with roll ups, we're gonna solve scalability, I think we're also going to see a whole bunch of privacy applications started coming over the next couple of years. And we're know hopefully at the same time, we're gonna see usability improve. So just all of the different parts of the ecosystem are going to become more mature in a lot of ways. And when I think it's gonna be great.

superphiz  3:39:00  
So awesome. I think it's time for us to appreciate everyone for sharing their time with us tonight. Pooja, were you going to say something?

Pooja Ranjan  3:39:12  
Yeah, I just wanted to have this wrap up with one last interesting story about how it all began. Like, if I may invite McHale to share the story of hybrid Casper FFG project and how this all mode started. I think it would be a good point to wrap up the entire story much for today's call.

Unknown Speaker  3:39:36  
Yeah, thanks. Bucha. Can you hear me by the way? Yeah. Great. Yeah, my name is Mikhail, I'm with consensus r&d. And, like two years and a half ago, I have started to work on the merge project. It was like in the beginning of 2020 When I joined consensus, but that time I like deliberately Use this project to work on, like a. Yeah. And it's just great to, you know, to look retrospectively to all these events. A but One fun fact is that two years before I have started to work in the merge, I have been involved almost accidentally in the hybrid Casper F of QI project, we did a prototype of this approach to have a finality gadget on top of the proof of work network. This is like the first time where like I became familiar with Casper FFG, which is now like main, the actually the BFT consensus mechanism that is used by Beacon chain. And this time, it was like in early 2018. And by that time, it was like the first the first time I met Daniel Ryan. So and made this connection. Yeah, just want to share this excitement. And yeah, and just given taking the moment to, to say thanks to everyone to the community, to the community of developers users, and to the Etherion maker to entire Terra Mecca system. Were given me a chance to to make the history of blockchain technology and corrugated congratulations on onto a almost an ideal, I would say it's just it was just ideal transition. I didn't expect it would be so ideal. Yeah, congrats everyone. was Rachel was

superphiz  3:41:40  
it went better than expected I was prepared. I was honestly prepared for an hour before finality so that we got it right off the bat. What a great success.

Pooja Ranjan  3:41:54  
Absolutely. And that, I think, is a wonderful story where we can probably wrap up congratulations to all the client development team infrastructure provided and network users, and also the community members. Welcome to the merged word of Ethereum blockchain. And yeah, that's all from our end. Thanks, everyone. Thanks all. Bye. Thanks, everybody. Thanks, guys. Great manage. Bye, everybody, everyone. Next week. Tomorrow

Unknown Speaker  3:42:29  
Oh, tomorrow


